Photo: VCGThe advancement of the internet and mobile devices have deeply changed the way we produce, spread and read information. With the rising popularity of social media, videos and live streaming, how do foreigners in China access news and content? "In recent years, I tried more to get information through new ways on the internet and apps," said 39-year-old German national Amida, who has been working in China for several years."Before I came to China, I lived in Germany and I read a lot of newspaper, because I like to have something in my hand and to read the words," Amida said, adding that after coming to China, it is no longer easy for him to find a German newspaper. Likewise, 30-something Ukrainian Onischak Svitlana told the Global Times that she usually uses social media to acquire news and information. "I don't watch TV; I prefer internet news," she said.Luca Ratte, a 28-year-old man also from Germany, said he has been using social media and news apps more often than newspapers. "The past was actually physically on newspapers or magazines, but now it is mainly over my mobile phones," he told the Global Times.But 50-something Brigitte Dasquet from France said she is still traditional and prefers newspapers. "I buy a lot of traditional newspaper, because I need to have a paper," she said.Nonetheless, every morning Dasquet still logs onto news websites to check trending news. "Then if I want a bit more explanations about something, I'll just go on newspaper websites," she told the Global Times. 

Photo: VCGBloggers or real news?Frenchman Jean-Pierre Mahé, in his 40s, said right now he mainly reads newspapers or news websites, then uses specialized websites for IT and financial information."A few years ago, I just read newspaper. Since like three or four years ago, we are all going to social media. We also use mobile phones to get information," Mahé told the Global Times.Indeed, the boom of social media has also given rise to individual bloggers, who post articles, videos or pictures on different media platforms. Many bloggers have gained millions of followers.But when it comes to people's preference for individual bloggers or traditional news agencies, many interviewees said they still prefer the latter for more-accurate information. Ratte, for instance, told the Global Times that he chooses traditional news agencies over bloggers, as it's more readily available and easier to receive information from. Likewise, Dasquet said she doesn't follow individual bloggers on social media."Honestly, I don't follow them because it's very subjective and they tend to get paid for mentioning something," she said. "If I do need something accurate and precise, I would go to a news agency, but definitely not bloggers," Dasquet added.Words or videos?Some of our interviewees said that content produced by individual bloggers caters more to their personalized and individual interest. "We trust people who are beside you, like bloggers, because they are much closer to us. They are so natural, trying to help you understand everything," Svitlana told the Global Times.Amida said he appreciates both individual news channels and professional news agencies, as he thinks they provide different varieties of news. But when asked about their preferred forms of information, some interviewees said they enjoy videos and pictures most.Svitlana, for instance, said she prefers information and news via pictures or in video form over words. "Of course I think everyone prefers pictures and videos. It is always interesting to watch bloggers saying something," she told the Global Times.Ratte said he is not a fan of video information; instead, he prefers to read articles and written news, and sometimes just look at the pictures. Similarly, Dasquet also said she is not a fan of videos or pictures; she enjoys reading. "I just want to read the news, and pictures will be the secondary. Videos depend on the subject," she said.Living in a social media age, being exposed to an excessive amount of information everyday has become a new challenge for people. Around 30 billion new blogs and 182 billion new posts were published online worldwide in 2017, people.cn reported in February 2017.Information explosion"Sometimes you can get tired of all these things, because it is coming in every day. So I try to separate information and real life. I am a little bit tired of information every day," Svitlana told the Global Times.Similar sentiments were echoed by Mahé and Ratte. "I am trying to keep as little information as I can on the web," Mahé said. Likewise, Ratte told the Global Times, "It [information] is coming from so many different angles and it is hard to escape."He added he has filters on his mobile apps to only receive information he'd like to read; except for these apps, he hasn't found any other helpful methods to avoid unnecessary information. But Amida said he is "okay" with the new information boom online. "It is something we are living in and have to live with. But I try to consume information not so fast, to slow myself a little bit down," he added.To grab potential readers' attention, many content producers tend to use eye-catching headlines, and some of our interviewees acknowledged that this method works for them.For example, Ratte told the Global Times, "I found myself in a situation where I refer articles where the headlines are most appealing. When the headline is interesting and it sounds like a topic I am interested in, then I'll keep following and reading the article. If not I just skip it."When asked about their most preferred topics, Svitlana said her favorite topics online are relate to fashion, beauty and lifestyle. "Like every girl in the world, I like to watch beauty videos or some cosmetics videos, some fashion news. I also like watch something about traveling," she said.As for male interviewees, many said they enjoy sports news. Amida, for example, said he is most interested in German sporting news as well as political news. Likewise, Ratte said he enjoys sports or information relating to economy and business. Mahé said he cares most about sports, world news or technology information.

Onischak Svitlana Photo: Xiang Jun/GT

Luca Ratte Photo: Xiang Jun/GT

Amida Photo: Xiang Jun/GT

Jean-Pierre Mahé Photo: Xiang Jun/GT

Brigitte Dasquet Photo: Xiang Jun/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why China's human rights exploration deserves more attentionJ-20 displays missiles for first time in celebration of PLA Air Force's birthdayRural Chinese worker building the 'most authentic model of A320' from scratch CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐