Shoppers in South China's Guangdong Province scan QR codes to win money on Sunday. Photo: IC


Naomi Watanabe (center) attends the gala of the Tmall Double 11 Global Shopping Festival 2018 in Shanghai on Saturday. Photo: IC
November 11 may be a normal day for westerns, but in China, where it is known as "Singles' Day," it has become a nation-wide event.  During the late 1990s, some college students in Nanjing, East China's Jiangsu Province, came up with the idea of holding activities for lonely single students on November 11 since the numeral "1" looks like a single individual standing on his or her own and November 11, or Double 11, has the highest number of 1s in a year. Known as the Singles' Festival, the day gained in popularity throughout China over the years, in part spurred on by the rise of the internet.In 2009, Chinese e-commerce platform Taobao realized this day was the perfect opportunity to make some money with the singles demographic. Along with the slogan "You can still enjoy shopping even without your boy/girlfriend," the online retailer offered a plethora of discounts for items sold on its platform on November 11 of that year.This combination of singles subculture and online shopping has been a huge commercial success for e-commerce in China. According to data from Taobao spinoff Tmall, sales for this holiday have soared from 50 million yuan ($7 million) to 213.5 billion yuan over the past 10 years.As the 10th Singles' Day arrived on Sunday, a heavy shopping tide transformed the cold autumn day into a hot shopping carnival as tens of millions of netizens hopped online in China to find great deals.Star powerFor those who started the Singles' Day discount strategy, the festival would not be complete without some singing and dancing. This year Hunan Television invited stars such as Japanese comedian Naomi Watanabe, Australian supermodel Miranda May Kerr and US singer Mariah Carey to perform on stage as part of Tmall's Singles' Day gala, which was held on Saturday in Shanghai."I'll dance to Beyonce's song in China, by the way, the other performers are Mariah Carey," Watanabe tweeted right before the event in a post that received more than 17,000 likes.Another eye-catching star was Zhang Yixing, also known as Lay, a member of Korean-Chinese boy band EXO. Lay sang a song about mapo tofu, a famous Chinese dish from Southwest China's Sichuan Province. "This is so cute, Yixing making us all soft with a sexy mapo tofu performance," one of Lay's fans LayIsMyBae tweeted.Still single"Before Singles' Day became a shopping day, the date was about the singles subculture made up of people who wanted to gather together and make friends. However, through the efforts of Chinese e-commerce platforms, discounts now appeal to all consumers no matter if they are single or not. Currently, Singles' Day is equal to 'discounts day,' while singles are still singles," netizen Aronmao noted on Zhihu, a Chinese Quora-like question and answer platform."After the festival, I found myself still single, but poorer than before," Youfujidedidi noted on Sina Weibo on Monday. The complaints about the transformation of November 11 from Singles' Day to a shopping day has inspired a lot of single netizens to develop new words to joke about their situation.Many traditional Chinese idioms are now being used to describe their fever for shopping online. The idiom pangguanzhe qing (spectators see the game more clearly) is used to describe consumers who have become blind to how much they are spending due to all the discounts available on Singles' Day, while only those who have chosen not to take part can maintain their reason. Other interesting idioms like xinhua nufang (The flowers in your heart bloom), which means to burst with happiness, now has a different context. The word hua can mean both "flower" and "spend," while nufang, literally "aggressively bloom," is now being jokingly interpreted as "anger release," so the idiom is now being used to describe shopping as a way to get over the anger of being single. Newspaper headline: Holiday commercialization Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why China's human rights exploration deserves more attentionJ-20 displays missiles for first time in celebration of PLA Air Force's birthdayRural Chinese worker building the 'most authentic model of A320' from scratch CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐