Illustration: Liu Rui/GT
Harvard has been sued. But it is certainly not the only university in the world to judge applicants based on "backgrounds". It never will be. Making assumptions about someone's character based on how they look and which group they belong to and using such criteria to override their competence is not new be it university admissions, job applications or anything requiring rounds of selection. Yet, one would hope that judgments could be based on merit and true abilities. I do not see the ongoing battle between Harvard and Asian Americans as solely an Asian issue. It's more about race and the institution. Deemed a top university, this is not the first time that Harvard has been purposely selective. Let's not forget that at the start of the early 20th century, Harvard classified applicants based on how Jewish they were. Call it a fear or a need for diversity or equality hence the need for racial balancing, Asians are the new Jews. Sadly, more will be subjected to being capped below the acceptance percentage they merit. History repeats itself.Harvard will of course do all that it can to plead its case, however, the verita (Harvard's motto, meaning truth) is: unofficial quotas and racial balancing leads to discrimination. To have one's merit dismissed, and then shrugging off such actions as nothing new and treating it as standard practice is disappointing for the reputation that educational institutions are supposed to uphold. What is the point of having affirmative action, which is needed to address disparities when it creates new ones? I have always found the idea of placing our name, gender, age, religious belief, race and photo for admissions and applications as bizarre. Such information is useless and gives way to stereotyping. How is it possible to take one look at Asians, and certainly any ethnicity, to rate their likeability? All universities want to admit a good person with a positive personality, who is pleasant to be around, whatever the criteria and definition of being "interesting" or "likeable".Hearing that Asians score low on likeability, kindness, courage and respect when it comes to Harvard admissions is not new - it's sad. Come to think of it, of course Harvard didn't like me since why would anyone find a trilingual Asian girl who traveled to 80+ countries and runs her own charity interesting or likeable?  We all fall for those who smile, are extroverted and do nothing but talk. Yes, so likeable just like those snakes in suits. To judge based on face value is comical and to easily admit the born "privileged" - children of CEOs and politicians is unfair and hypocritical. No race should bear the burden and be sacrificed. University admission must be fair and based on merit - not race or achieving equality through filling the quotas. If one wants diversity and equality, how about adhering to meritocracy? How about ensuring that education is free and accessible to all races and all socioeconomic backgrounds? How about not falling into the practice of admitting those who are already privileged or whose parents are huge donors to the university?Will this problem ever see any signs of improvement or will we brush it aside and wait a few more decades for a new group to replace the Asians?The author is a freelance writer. She was born in China, raised in Australia, educated in China, Australia and France. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Oil price climbs after Saudi Arabia announces plan to cut productionSenior Chinese lottery officials confess to corruption, repent in videoSinger Kris Wu's US iTunes success showcases a lack of understanding of Chinese fan culture CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐