Illustration: Chen Xia/GTWang Sicong, internet celebrity and son of one of China's richest men, Wanda Group Chairman Wang Jianlin, posted a message on Sina Weibo on November 6 announcing that he will select 113 people from those who review, repost or like his post and give each person 10,000 yuan ($1,443) in order to celebrate the news that Invictus Gaming (iG), the company he owns, won the League of Legends World Championship on November 3.Over the following days, Wang's message went viral on Chinese social media; the repost volume reached nearly 24 million on the day of the draw. However, I myself did not repost his message. Personally, I dislike such schemes which flood my mobile screen and block more important news and information I am truly curious about. But most of my friends disagree with me. "Retweets and comments don't cost me anything," my friend, who has won prizes in previous such lotteries, said. "Reposting allows me to get free money without any effort." In her eyes, I am a foolish girl for rejecting a free lunch.However, from my perspective, besides some lucky draws for followers or to celebrate something, most social media lotteries are just a disguised means of publicity and marketing. Some Chinese internet celebrities on Sina Weibo use cosmetics, limited-edition products or cold-hard-cash as prizes to attract more people to take part. Most of the time, however, the way we must participate has three steps. First, you must actually follow this person's account (that is how they gain more followers, which makes them look more popular). Next, you have to notify three of your own followers before you repost it. Finally, you are not allowed to delete the message until a winner is announced. To be retweeted by one person means that at least another three people are bound to receive the same message. In other words, it's exactly like purposely spreading a virus.I remember once on my Sina Weibo when an activity launched by Alipay (the third-party payment platform) chose one person for a big prize including some cosmetics, electronic devices and tickets for sightseeing. After Alipay announced the winner - who was an ordinary person just like us - it actually increased Chinese netizens' confidence in reposting future lottery messages.To them, it seems like a possible way to earn a fortune. But the biggest winner in these lucky draws are the celebrities or companies holding the contests. Those who are hoping for a free lunch voluntarily repost their ads, which oftentimes get hundreds of thousands of views in a very short time, further promoting their brands and accounts.The small amount of money they spend on the prizes they give away is nothing compared to the free publicity they receive courtesy of the masses. When their followers are increased, it allows them to make even greater profits and gives them access to even more advertising resources. Even if the draws are open, the number of winners is very limited. Unfortunately, the large number of people who have never won these prizes are just being used as puppets. Although they will not lose anything, they will not gain anything, either.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why China's human rights exploration deserves more attentionJ-20 displays missiles for first time in celebration of PLA Air Force's birthdayRural Chinese worker building the 'most authentic model of A320' from scratch CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐