US President Donald Trump arrives for a "Make America Great Again" campaign rally at McKenzie Arena, in Chattanooga, Tennessee on Sunday. Photo: AFP

Enthusiasm was high among US voters on Monday a day before the midterm elections, with their votes seen to affect the presidency of Donald Trump. Some had already gone to early voting on Monday, but many will take to the polls on Tuesday. An election eve poll released on Sunday by NBC News/Wall Street Journal showed the Democrats leading by 7 percentage points and by 8 in a Washington Post/ABC News poll. But with Trump's unexpected win in the 2016 presidential elections, voters are cautious about predicting results."All the polls were so confident before the 2016 elections that Hillary Clinton would win, but now I don't know if I should trust them. I have no idea," Katie Jordan, a woman who works for an internet governance company, told the Global Times on Monday.  Talk to voters about the elections and the answers all involve personal feelings about Trump and concerns for the country. A couple from South Carolina said Trump, a businessman-turned-president, has improved the American economy, while Julian Jordan, who works in the consulting sector in the DC area, told the Global Times on Monday that he believes that Trump doesn't fully consider the impact of his policies not only on US citizens but also the international community.Ralph Benko, a Republican and former Reagan White House official, told the Global Times on Monday that he predicts the Democrats will take a technical majority in the House, but not an effective one, and the Republicans will hold onto the Senate. But if the Republicans lose control of the Senate, the impact could be consequential for Trump in the next two years. "The most important issue is that he will not be able to appoint any judges. The second is that he will find it difficult to appoint his cabinet and other offices," Benko said.Benko also noted that the elections would have little impact on the US economy."The economy is driven by monetary policy, tax policy and regulatory policy. Trump has been doing a lot of deregulation through administrative actions which he will still be able to do," he told the Global Times on Monday. "He claims he cut taxes, but it's not clear if he has legislative support. So the tax policy would remain the status quo. Monetary policy is decided by the Federal Reserve, and Congress has very little to do with it," he said. Chinese internet users are actively discussing the US election and its possible impact on China, especially on the exchange rate of the renminbi, as the US is a major destination for Chinese tourists and students. Li Haihong, a senior consultant based in Shanghai, told the Global Times on Monday that if the Republicans win the elections, the trade frictions will go on even further, which will add pressure on the yuan.But if they lose, it is difficult to say what radical policies Trump will push to save his support. "Under such circumstances, the exchange rate of the yuan may fluctuate drastically," Li told the Global Times.Newspaper headline: Voters ready to rate Trump Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Syria says it is ready to cooperate with new UN envoyUS divide may deepen further after midterm electionsVeteran Chinese historian Tan Chung seeks to overturn the concept of 'sinocentrism' and strengthen Sino-Indian ties with new book 'China: A 5,000-Year Odyssey' Family dynamics show changing cultural landscapeTrump targets US birthright citizenship as elections loomRose Queen How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐