Illustration: Liu Rui/GT
A multi-party parliamentary by-election was held in Myanmar on November 3. This was the second parliamentary by-election since the National League for Democracy (NLD) came to power in 2016, and also the last one before the country's 2020 general election. It's widely seen as a test for Myanmar's State Counselor Aung San Suu Kyi and the NLD, and also an indicator of the 2020 election. But the NLD only won seven of the 13 open parliamentary seats, and its support rate dwindled compared to the 2015 general election and 2017 by-election. Some observers believe such a result sounds the alarm for the NLD. What is the reason behind the waning support for the party?Myanmar has held three parliamentary by-elections since the country's political development entered a new stage in 2010. In the 2018 by-election, of the 13 open parliamentary seats, four are in the House of Representatives, one in the House of Nationalities and eight in the state or regional parliaments. A total of 69 candidates contested for the 13 seats, including 62 from 24 political parties and seven independent candidates. Of the 62 party candidates, 13 were nominated by the NLD to contest for all seats, 10 belonged to the former ruling Union Solidarity and Development Party (USDP) and the rest were from other parties. The competition among Myanmar's political parties has intensified. The founding of the People's Party has provided another choice to voters besides the NLD and the USDP, which made the competition more intense and complicated.In the 2015 general election, the House of Representatives, the House of Nationalities and the state or regional parliaments all saw about 70 percent voter turnout. Over 900,000 citizens were eligible to vote in this year's by-election. According to Myanmar Times, provisional figures received from township election commissions show that only five constituencies had voter turnouts of over 50 percent, the remaining eight constituencies registered an estimated turnout of between 30 percent and 40 percent.  Many people have lost their enthusiasm for a by-election, and this may be an important reason for the NLD's support rate having taken a beating. Besides, Myanmar's electoral politics started late and is yet to mature. Voters were disappointed with the NLD and that translated into fewer votes for the party's candidates. Factors such as nationality and religion also influence Myanmar's electoral politics. But the NLD itself is still the main reason why the party has lost many of its supporters.People in Myanmar held different opinions about the party's performance and achievements. On the first anniversary of NLD's inauguration, the patron of the NLD, Thura U Tin Oo, said that much had been achieved when asked for his views on the government completing one year in office. But some local media outlets commented that the NLD's performance was barely satisfactory. It's noticeable that Myanmar's economy in 2018 has not performed well showing the NLD in an unfavorable light. Myanmar's GDP growth rate slowed down to 6.5 percent in fiscal Year 2016-17, compared with 7.3 percent in the previous year. Although the party launched a series of reforms, Myanmar's economy did not look up in 2018 because of lower demand and widespread strikes. It's true that the NLD's reform policies may be good to the country's long-term development, but the country's current economic condition is harming people's trust and eroding support for the party's economic governance. Moreover, because of the Rohingya crisis and the situation in Myanmar's conflict-ridden north, the NLD government is facing questions from the people and it has to bear more pressure from the international society. As a result, the NLD is losing the support of ethnic minorities, intellectuals and the media.Multiple reasons are behind the erosion of NLD's support base and the party needs to deal with it properly. The by-election offers a good chance to observe Myanmar's politics.The author is a research fellow with The Charhar Institute and director of the Institute of Malaysian Studies at Guangxi University for Nationalities. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why China's human rights exploration deserves more attentionJ-20 displays missiles for first time in celebration of PLA Air Force's birthdayRural Chinese worker building the 'most authentic model of A320' from scratch CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐