US President Donald Trump joined French President Emmanuel Macron and other world leaders in ceremonies marking the 100th anniversary of the end of the World War I on November 11, which makes France Trump's first overseas destination after the US midterm elections. The memory of the war still hangs in the mind of Europeans, making the continent strive to maintain peace since World War II. But Trump's pursuit of "America first" has brought uncertainty to Europe. The dangers of this uncertainty are manifested in the security realm in transatlantic relations, which is demonstrated by the divergence between Europe and the US in the Iran policy, intermediate-range nuclear missile treaty and NATO security architecture. This poses a major challenge to peace and development in Europe.The results of the US midterm elections will not bring about significant changes in security cooperation between Europe and the US. However, Trump's policy has damaged the basic principles on which America was founded, the cornerstone of transatlantic relations, free global trade, collective international security, and Western values at the normative level. The US midterm elections ended in the Democratic Party retaking control of the House of Representatives and the Republican Party sustaining control of the Senate. The partial victory of the Democrats is not enough to rein in Trump and he will continue to pursue "America first".European leaders look at the results of US midterm elections in different ways. Germany's Foreign Minister said that Europeans must answer Trump's "America First" policy with a "Europe United" approach. Italian right-wing party leaders have expressed support for Trump's victory. Senior European Commission officials praised Democrats for midterm election results - indicating that the internal rift among European countries has affected US-Europe relations.Trump is considered an ardent advocate of polarized politics and looked at as one whose action has emboldened right-wing populism in Europe. Founded in 2016, Macron's La République En Marche party won the French general election in 2017. Although to some extent Macron and Trump are both "subverters" of their countries, the shared subversive nature has not brought about close cooperation or a special relationship between the two countries. Trump's unilateralism is in sharp contrast to Macron's multilateralism. European defense cooperation is an important source for France to seek European security and reduce dependence on the US.By virtue of his party's absolute majority in elections, Macron became a strong president, with more determination and capability to lead France back to the glory, ensure European security and increase the influence of France and Europe. At present, the partnership between France and Germany has become a new engine of European integration. Under the initiative of the two countries, 25 European Union members agreed to launch the Permanent Structured Cooperation (PESCO) agreement, which is a treaty-based framework and procedure aimed at strengthening defense cooperation among EU member states. In addition, PESCO is closely related to the Coordinated Annual Review on Defense (CARD) and the European Defense Fund (EDF). During the centenary of the end of World War I, inviting Trump and Putin to participate in the commemoration is an opportunity for Macron to show the world European defense cooperation, as well as a chance to rally European countries and people for their support of the European army.The US midterm elections cannot bring fundamental changes to transatlantic relations. Hence, Europe should lay less emphasis on the global leadership of the US, but pay more attention to the cohesion of the EU and its member states, and enhance its capability to interact with other countries on the world stage. The primary aim of European integration is to avoid war among European countries. Now Europe and the world are confronted with a new wave of populism and at the risk of being trapped in a zero-sum game. Europe should hold fast to its original faith and get back onto the track of European cooperation and integration under uncertain circumstances, so as to achieve European peace and global stability.The author is research fellow with the Institute of European Studies, Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why China's human rights exploration deserves more attentionJ-20 displays missiles for first time in celebration of PLA Air Force's birthdayRural Chinese worker building the 'most authentic model of A320' from scratch CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐