Stan Lee and Spider-Man. Photo: VCG

An employee at a book store in Shenyang, the capital of Northeast China's Liaoning Province, arranges Chinese versions of Stan Lee's comic books on a book rack on Tuesday. Photo: VCG
Stan Lee, the world-renowned Marvel Comics mastermind who had created countless beloved characters, died at the age of 95 on Monday (US time), with saddened Chinese fans mourning over the loss of a real-life superhero while comparing him to the late Wuxia novelist Jin Yong.Dubbed the "Father of Marvel Comics," the creative dynamo has introduced to the world superhero comic characters such as Spider-Man, the Fantastic Four and the Incredible Hulk. Lee was pronounced dead Monday at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, Fox News reported on Monday. Mournful Chinese comic book readers and Marvel movie fans acted quickly over the sad news, as the #stanleedied attracted more than 900 million reads and over half a million comments on China's Twitter-like Sina Weibo as of press time on Tuesday. Many Chinese fans refer to Lee online with the endearing Chinese term "Laoyezi," which means respectful elderly man, and said online that "Laoyezi just clocked out from this world while he lives in another parallel universe."Many Chinese fans also lined up outside comic stores in downtown Beijing in search of Marvel classics. "Tuesday morning is usually quiet and slow, but today is different. Many rushed in the store requesting Iron Man, Captain America and, of course, Spider-Man books," the owner of Fudiao, a Beijing-based comic book store that sells original English versions of comics, told the Global Times on Thursday. Others compared the US legendary writer, editor and publisher to the renowned Chinese martial arts novelist Jin Yong (Louis Cha) who also passed away two weeks ago, saying they had lived genuinely great lives that they became true superheroes through their works."Stan Lee is to Marvel what Jin Yong is to the Wuxia world, and now they have lost part of their souls," Yingtan, a widely read Chinese movie critics WeChat public account, said in an article on Tuesday. With 15 classic Wuxia novels created between 1955 and 1972, Jin is regarded as one of the three greatest Wuxia writers along with Gu Long and Liang Yusheng, both of whom have also died. His works were bestsellers among Chinese speakers, having sold more than 100 million copies around the world, not including pirated versions. With more than 1.4 million followers on Chinese ACG video-sharing platform Bilibili, and close to a million on Weibo, wemedia runner "Hardworking Lorre" told the Global Times that "Not only was there a lot in common between supreme martial arts in Jin Yong books and Stan Lee's superhero characters' abilities, Stan Lee and Jin Yong shared great similarities in their storytelling, and the stories they told us about heroism have convinced and encouraged people to be kind and to care about the world." Jin Yong's works were also adapted to films, TV shows, comics and radio dramas, and even video games. Likewise, many of Lee's characters and stories have been adapted into blockbuster movies and video games over the past decades. 
Chinese popularityChina's love for Stan Lee's superheroes is best reflected by the massive success of 2018's Avengers: Infinity War, which ranks as the 10th highest-grossing film ever released in the country, with a domestic take of close to 2.4 billion yuan ($340 million).The Avengers are a team of Marvel superheroes that first debuted in a comic book series co-created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in the early 1960s. "It is a huge part of fun, and has become a tradition for fans to spot Stan Lee cameos in each Marvel movie. Since the 2002 Spider-Man movie, Lee's cameo reflected his approachable image and gained popularity in China," said Lorre, who himself is a diehard Marvel comic fan.Captain Matian, a support staff member of Lorre's wemedia, told the Global Times that "the death of Stan Lee is sad, but Chinese fans will always remember him with a smile on his face, because every time he showed up on the silver screen he was lighthearted."Let's remember today as Stan Lee's last and most wonderful Easter egg, and may his imagination and chivalry live long, some Chinese fans said online. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Oil price climbs after Saudi Arabia announces plan to cut productionSenior Chinese lottery officials confess to corruption, repent in videoSinger Kris Wu's US iTunes success showcases a lack of understanding of Chinese fan culture CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐