Illustration: Liu Rui/GT
 "Chinese women select husbands based on how much money they could earn and not based on his character. Therefore, the downfall of women leads to the downfall of our nation," said Yu Minhong, the CEO of New Oriental, an education giant in China. Why, just two years ago, the glib talker said that half of Chinese mothers are failures and that the role of a mom in a child's development is greater than the father's. I thought he is an educator. Doesn't he know that the absence of a father in a child's life can also lead to greater problems? It is 2018 and we are still caught up in warped views on gender. Yu's statements during those few minutes are not only insulting to women but also men, implying that men are brainless and can't think on their own since if women want the money, the men are more than willing to go and earn it. Placing blame is expected and nothing new. Throughout Western and Oriental history, women have been the source of problems and the root cause of everything negative. These Helens of Troy are so powerful that despite their tiny waists and bound feet and no permission to set foot outside the house, they are able to bring death to an empire. Ignorance is a woman's virtue and failure is all because of them, goes the belief.Everything that is good is due to how hard the men fought and everything bad is because of the women - their fatal seduction and potent distraction. A woman needs to be the rescuer, comforter, educator, nurturer, needs to smile, look sexy, shouldn't talk back and not be liberated and ambitious. If their behavior mirrors that of the men, they are whores. Again, these dangerous assumptions belong only to a few boys because real men like Lu Xun, a leading figure of modern Chinese literature, are different. Given his time, Lu Xun was unreserved in his criticism of oppressive social and traditional morals. Women have always made an important mark in his works and have been a major revolutionary symbol in China's path to modernization. By making his female characters beautiful and tragic, Lu Xun criticized the denial of women's individuality, the obscene status they have as property, prize and accessory. His sense and sensibility toward gender, reflected in his work, makes readers think. Despite being very much in the past, how relevant it still remains today!While women have every right to be angry with these words, we must be wary when using the words sexism and feminism. Feminism is not about hating men. It is putting boys right where they belong and fighting for men and women in the face of inequality. Sexism is not just about saying women are weak but acknowledging that both sexes are prone to pressure, attacks and inequality. In a patripotestal society where men own the majority of resources and find themselves in a naturally higher social position, it is very easy for them to overplay their importance and reduce a gender, which gave them life as nothing but subordinate. Regardless of wealth, fame and status, men can display their power by controlling women and being able to have any woman that he wants and in a way, shift the blame onto these women for his follies. How we view, treat and classify a gender sets apart real men from the boys. It is not the quality of women that sets countries apart but how a country treats women. China has come a long way and although much still remains to be done in terms of real gender rights, we must not allow further distortion. I congratulate the women who, through their own competence, weathered hardships to rise to the top in their fields. I commend the men who oppose the social bias faced by women and fight for them. I laugh at girls who use their youth to enter into high-profile marriages to gain status and then promote this as success, and I vomit at boys who mirror the views expressed by Yu in his infamous speech. Sadly ... there are more men like him, and also girls who contribute to this bias. The author is a freelance writer. She was born in China, raised in Australia, educated in China, Australia and France. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US double standards worsen Rohingya crisisEast China city denies beating, killing dogs amid campaign to reign in dog-raisers' behaviorsChina sells US Treasury bonds to support yuan, not to hit back over trade war: experts Officials scramble for answers as flames continue to rageCalifornia fire death toll reaches 56; 130 missingCA voters say nation headed wrong way How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐