Some Chinese and US economists and officials hold a cautious attitude toward upcoming meeting between China and the US leaders at the G20 summit. The impact of trade wars will become mostly apparent in 2020, and the best outcome of the meeting will be the resumption of negotiations, they said on Sunday. The global economy is highly likely to see much more turbulence and will further slow down in the next two years, and the impact of trade frictions will become mostly tangible in 2020, Zhu Min, former deputy managing director of the IMF, told a forum held by Beijing-based financial magazine Caixin in Beijing from Sunday to Monday. “Considering an economic slowdown and Fed interest rates hike, trade wars will increase more uncertainties in the overall economy,” Zhu forecast. China and US divisions have become part of major stresses in the global system, Charlene Barshefsky, former US trade representative, told the audience. “A country using national security as an excuse to do whatever it wants to do erodes the global trade system,” she said, noting that the WTO system has not kept up with the times, which has focused on some obsolete questions. China and the US have been entangled in a trade war since earlier this year, and the two countries vowed to impose multibillion-dollar tariffs on each other, which set up negative examples for other economies, she noted. And this zero-sum thinking, in addition to regimes marked by geopolitical frontlines hurt the global system, which has to be changed. However, some experts hold a cautious view on potential progress made at the upcoming G20 meeting concerning trade frictions. The best outcome of the meeting between China and the US leaders at the upcoming G20 summit would be a resumption of serious negotiations rather than accusing the other of accomplishing nothing and walking away, Barshefsky added. Long Yongtu, former Chinese chief representative for trade negotiations, called for the two parties to focus on only trade issues and not to go beyond that. “I always hold a cautious and optimistic view on trade talks, and it has to be fully recognized that trade wars will hurt the US much more, eventually,” he said at the forum. "Also, we should put aside political issues when talking about trade, if not, we’ll never get into any agreement,” he added. Over the past decades, the WTO system has been jeopardized as more countries focus more on regional and bilateral trade negotiations, which has also caused the system to be more chaotic, Long said. "Still, China has to firmly support the WTO, which needs to deepen reforms, and participate actively in regional trade negotiations, ” he said. China holds an open attitude toward the Comprehensive and Progressive Trans-Pacific Partnership (CPTPP), a major regional trade agreement, and hopes that when effective, it will be conducive to East Asian cooperation and inclusive development, Chinese Premier Li Keqiang recently said during the 13th East Asia Summit. Long, who is also the former vice minister of commerce, suggested that China should consider seriously in participating in the CPTPP and the Regional Comprehensive Economic Partnership (RCEP) amid a slowing down economy and rising protectionism. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Xinjiang companies sign multimillion-dollar dealsXi impresses with steamed bun lunchRural Chinese worker building the 'most authentic model of A320' from scratch Officials scramble for answers as flames continue to rageCalifornia fire death toll reaches 56; 130 missingCA voters say nation headed wrong way How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐