A male model uses a skin care product.Photo: VCGWhile it is not considered out of place to use the word "delicate" to describe a woman, it is not often used to describe men. However, this is exactly what is happening in China, as the rise of metrosexual culture in the nation is leading to an ever expanding group of men known as jingzhinanhai, or "delicate boys."  According to a report published by Chinese online shopping platforms VIPS and JD earlier this year, consumption among men has increased significantly in recent years, especially when it comes to cosmetics and clothing. Data from VIPS shows that sales of men's skin care products have doubled annually since 2016. Overall, the consumption gap between men and women is gradually growing narrower.This increasing visibility of this group of men have kicked off several debates concerning what behavior is and isn't considered appropriate for men in China.Different outlooks"Delicate boys are a large group of people that I think are being encouraged by social media and current trends," Zhang Qian, a policeman, told the Global Times. "Many idols online are seen as delicate boys, and many teenagers and young adults are following them."Turning on the TV in China today, viewers are highly likely to see young men wearing makeup and dressed in fashionable clothes in shows, advertisements and movies."I feel boy bands today are really delicate looking. It seems like a trend, which I think indicates that our society has become more tolerant and open to people with different mindsets and habits," Lu Yao, a master student studying in Beijing, told the Global Times.Of course not everyone has such a positive outlook. Criticism of the trend peaked around the beginning of the school year in September after China Central Television aired First Class, an educational program primary and middle school students were asked to watch with their parents. Many older viewers were shocked upon seeing that several exquisite looking male idols had been invited to perform on stage. Many worried parents took to social media afterwards to criticize the show, claiming that they felt giving these idols a platform on such an important show would cause their sons to want to imitate these stars and thereby weaken their masculinity."I think it would be better to show children a live sports match than show them these girlish boys dancing in makeup. What are they trying to teach kids? How to do their makeup so they can make money as a pop star?" netizen Diguaxionglaoliu commented on Sina Weibo."The Chinese nation will be destroyed by them," another netizen, caoyuanshangdemanishi, said. While the strict accusation among those delicate boys have not won too many supports.The debate quickly became a heated online feud as younger netizens took to the internet to refute the idea that caring for ones appearance equals a lack of masculinity."There is a huge gap between a 'delicate boy' and an effeminate man," treeniuB wrote."It is so stupid to label a person by his or her looks. Some people look masculine on the outside but are cowards on the inside," yishuguang55 noted.For supporters, delicate boys are seen as people who are pursuing a higher quality of life by taking better care of themselves."I think it is necessary for men to take care of their skin. A good appearance shows your respect for others," Lu insisted. "Also, for those who get acne easily, a skin care regimen can prevent skin disease, so why not do it?"Some have also pointed out that criticism aimed at the show was also contributing toward gender discrimination against women."It is disrespectful to women to use 'feminine' as a 'bad' word to describe a man," netizen xiegui noted.Changing standardsThe debate concerning who can and cannot use makeup once again came to the fore again on Tuesday after a netizen posted a picture of a package they received from online shopping platform JD.com. On the outside of the package, which contained lipstick, was printed the phrase "without lipstick, there is no difference between you and a man." The post quickly went viral as other shoppers posted pictures of the same packages."I don't wear lipstick, now I am wondering whether I am a man or woman," netizen kaimenwoshiniduixiang noted."What did men do? We aren't allowed to have lipstick now?" CAYMAR wrote.Though JD.com has issued an apology, the negative impact is not likely to fade away immediately. Other defenders of the metrosexual lifestyle also point out that many jobs today now require men to pay more attention to their appearance."Some occupations like receptionists at hotels, cosmetic salespersons and hair dressers tend to be more made up since they have to appeal to customers with their good looks, and now businessmen are learning from them in order to make good impressions on their clients," Zhang said."You have to make a good first impression on your customers," Zhao Liqi, who works as a bank clerk, shared his experience at work with Global Times. "A more exquisite appearance means you get more attention and people relate to you better," Zhao said, explaining that meticulous grooming is an important step in gaining customers' trust. "Everyone likes a beauty, so men as well as women are now under pressure to look good," Zhao insisted.Newspaper headline: ‘Delicate boys’ Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Alibaba's Jack Ma steals stage with speech at Israel forumForge international cooperation less focused on USWhy Washington politicians need to read Cha's Wuxia novels Family dynamics show changing cultural landscapeTrump targets US birthright citizenship as elections loomRose Queen How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐