Chinese LGBT representatives on Wednesday hailed China's response to LGBT issues at a UN event, calling the remarks massive progress. The Chinese delegation stated China respects the health rights of LGBT+ community at a session of the third Universal Periodic Review of the Human Rights Council in Geneva on Monday, according to the official website of UN on Tuesday. China allows sex reassignment surgery and respects privacy of the community. In the current stage it is not because of discrimination that China doesn't recognize gay marriage, a Chinese delegation representative told the audience at the session. It was decided "by our historical cultural value," the representative said. China's open attitude toward the LGBT issue dispelled the misguided notion that the Chinese government opposed gay rights, analysts told the Global Times on Wednesday. The response would prompt the country to implement more feasible measures to support a community once ignored, they said.It was an important progress for China, Peng Yanhui, director of Chinese NGO LGBT Rights Advocacy China, told the Global Times on Wednesday.Peng hoped China would enact feasible domestic laws to realize what the Chinese delegation had told the UN panel, for example, banning conversion therapy for gay people and advocating gender pluralism. Chinese society needs to understand the positive altitude of the Chinese government toward LGBT people, Xin Ying, director of Beijing LGBT Center told the Global Times on Wednesday. There are many misunderstandings, Xin said.Parents of transgender people often misjudge on sexual reassignment surgery and assume their children have a mental illness, Xin noted. China nonetheless could be one of the most inclusive nations in history toward gay people, both analysts agreed. The story about the UN meeting on LGBT Rights Advocacy China WeChat account was viewed more than 10,000 times in one hour and was one of its most discussed articles, Peng said. The article was later deleted. The UN speech of Chinese government grabbed huge attention and it is a positive signal, Peng noted, since LGBT in China means being invisible, whether in the legal system or in public spaces.China's State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television (SAPPRFT) in June 2017 banned service providers from presenting "abnormal sexual relations or behavior" defined as including "incest, homosexual relations, sexual harassment and sexual violence." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Full text: Keynote speech by President Xi Jinping at opening ceremony of 1st China International Import ExpoIn China, demand for Caucasian babysitters is rising, but cultural clashes are predestinedChina's Most advanced stealth drone unveiled Family dynamics show changing cultural landscapeTrump targets US birthright citizenship as elections loomRose Queen How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐