Alphabet Chairman John Hennessy recently told US media that anyone who does business in China compromises some of their core values. I was surprised to find the head of one of the largest global tech companies had such a limited understanding about global cooperation in the tech sector. The parent company of Google - the world's largest search engine - has not come up with a detailed plan on whether it will return to the Chinese mainland, the largest internet market in the world. However, some reports revealed that Google has been secretly planning a new version of its search engine for the mainland that filters certain search terms, generating a lot of buzz on Chinese social media.Google would be welcomed by Chinese internet users if it re-launches its search engine services in the mainland, which will offer users an alternative to Baidu. The Chinese search engine has been mired in scandals over ad revenues and porn, as its algorithms for ranking results used to be dependent on how much advertisers paid. Although the company has vowed to re-examine its internal content approval process, Baidu's credibility crisis has been affecting its reputation for years. That also explains why nearly 90 percent of netizens polled by the Twitter-like Sina Weibo in April showed their willingness to use Google over Baidu. Many Chinese internet users are familiar with Google services such as YouTube and Gmail. And Google supports multilingual search results, and its freely accessible Google Scholar is more powerful than any academic search engine in China.However, Hennessy's attitude toward China may jeopardize Google's efforts in tapping the Chinese market for broader cooperation. This close work together will also fuel technology development in the US. He mentioned that the company has to compromise its core values because the law in China is different, but as a global company, Google has been following different rules and regulations in many different countries, so why would it make a big fuss about Chinese law when it has to deal with other tightened regulations like the EU's privacy law? It is not a question of core values, but rather one of whether a company operating in foreign markets is willing to follow local laws and regulations, which should be one of the principles of doing business abroad. Compared to Hennessy, Google's CEO Sundar Pichai holds a much more practical view. When the New York Times interviewed him in early November, Pichai said that Google is operating in many countries and the company has been in compliance with local laws. Instead of insisting on unrealistic outcomes, Google should be more open-minded. Global cooperation is an inevitable trend for the world of tomorrow. Chinese netizens expect the return of Google to bring them more convenient search services - but the US tech giant should make a thorough study of the Chinese market so it can choose the correct way to come back.Newspaper headline: Google values talk discriminatory Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US double standards worsen Rohingya crisisEast China city denies beating, killing dogs amid campaign to reign in dog-raisers' behaviorsChina sells US Treasury bonds to support yuan, not to hit back over trade war: experts Officials scramble for answers as flames continue to rageCalifornia fire death toll reaches 56; 130 missingCA voters say nation headed wrong way How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐