People visit the anti-corruption hall at the National Museum on Thursday in Beijing. Photo: Luo Yunzhou/GT
China is displaying the outcome of its anti-corruption campaign at the National Museum starting from Wednesday, including many official transcripts, as part of the achievements on the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening up. 
Transcripts and decisions, including those against Lu Wei, former deputy head of the Publicity Department of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee, Wang Sanyun, former chief of the Gansu provincial committee of the CPC and Xiang Junbo, former chairman of the China Insurance Regulatory Commission, are on display at the exhibition hall of the National Museum in Beijing.
Lu wrote in his transcripts, "I have made unforgivable mistakes politically, economically at work and in life, severely lost the principle and bottom line as a member of the Communist Party of China." 
Lu said his mistakes also brought damage to his wife and son. "We fight a lot on this. She was completely desperate toward me. She once told me angrily that 'I cannot manage you, but the Party will restrain you sooner or later.'"
The anti-corruption exhibit is circular, with a huge Party emblem on the roof. The exhibit attracts more visitors than others, as it is a must-see for tours of many companies, the Global Times reporter found. 
"I feel the Party continues to achieve outcomes after seeing these repentance letters. In the process, we the people also benefit. The Party is strong and I'm confident in the prosperity of my country," Xin Le, a visitor, told the Global Times. 
Su Wei, a professor at the Party School of the CPC Chongqing Municipal Committee, told the Global Times on Thursday that displaying cases of corrupt officials is the Party's standard practice to warn other Party members in the government to learn about anti-corruption before opening those cases to the public. 
"It is to show the correctness of the anti-corruption campaign launched by the Party," Su said. 
Five years ago, the CPC leadership launched a high-profile anti-corruption campaign, which has led to the downfall of a number of high-level officials, known as "tigers," and lower-level "flies" who serve at the grassroots level.
Disciplinary authorities have investigated 440 officials at or above the provincial or corps level for corruption since then, Xinhua News Agency reported in October 2017.
Corruption came naturally with China's reform and opening up when China shifted from a planned economy to a market-centered economy. But since the 18th National Congress of the CPC, the campaign against corruption has been successful, Su said. 
However, the situation remains severe and complicated, and the campaign will embrace its success since China is conducting its system reform to fix the loopholes, Su said. 
The National Museum of China attracted about 30,000 visitors on the first day of the exhibit on Wednesday, Beijing Youth Daily reported.
Luo Yunzhou contributed to the story Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Kris Wu will benefit from bad publicityChina hopes to finish S.China Sea Code of Conduct negotiations in 3 years: Chinese premierChina, Azerbaijan to embrace closer trade ties under CIIE platform CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐