Screenshot shows an extension quantum communication landline connecting East China's Anhui Province and Central China's Hubei Province.Photo: Cao Siqi/GTAn extension quantum communication landline connecting East China's Anhui Province and Central China's Hubei Province was put into service on Tuesday, marking a significant milestone in China's quantum infrastructure construction that scientists say makes China the new leader in quantum communication.  The Wuhan-Hefei landline was launched on Tuesday at the Third Optics Valley Aerospace Laser and Quantum Technology International Forum hosted by China Aerospace Science and Industry Corporation, the network's major builder.  The company, which primarily develops and produces missiles and carrier rockets and also invests heavily in laser technologies and weapons, said the network is now connected to the world's first quantum communication landline opened between Beijing and Shanghai in September 2017.Quantum communications feature ultra-high security. Information running through it is difficult to tap, intercept or crack, experts said. An insider who declined to be named told the Global Times that the quantum communication network plays a crucial role in military operations in the information age. "In future combat, the competition lies in the speed of transferring information. The network could help transmit classified information to the command center and then quickly instruct a combat unit," he said. "It is fast and free from outside disturbances," he noted.China's quantum communication ground network is connected to the world's first quantum satellite launched by China in August 2016. The satellite is called "Micius," after a 400 BC Chinese philosopher and scientist credited as the first person to conduct optical experiments. The company said the network can be used not only for confidential military and national defense communications but also for financial and energy purposes and other government fields.Meanwhile, it is also expected to be used in civil communications such as on mobile phones and networks, Wu said.According to the company, the new quantum communication landline will build 11 stations in cities in Anhui and Hubei provinces, and is 609 kilometers long. Newspaper headline: China opens new quantum communication landline Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Oil price climbs after Saudi Arabia announces plan to cut productionSenior Chinese lottery officials confess to corruption, repent in videoSinger Kris Wu's US iTunes success showcases a lack of understanding of Chinese fan culture CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐