Police officers inspect a burned-out white car stopped on the site of the explosion incident on Wednesday morning which killed at least 23 people. Photo: Liu Caiyu/GTA company in Zhangjiakou, North China's Hebei Province on Thursday denied using a colorless flammable chemical that triggered a deadly blast on Wednesday that killed at least 23 people. The Xinhua News Agency said Wednesday that a van carrying acetylene exploded upon entering Haipo'er New Energy Technology, a hydrogen energy company, but the company denied any link to the blast. Yang Shaojun, Haipo'er's tech manager, told the Global Times on Thursday the van did not enter its company area, and that they don't use acetylene at all. The factory has been temporarily shut down.Zheng Yuanchun, brand director of SinoHytec, the mother company of Haipo'er, told the Global Times that the hydrogen factory is still under construction. On Thursday morning, truck drivers stopped a few kilometers from the site, which had been cordoned off where many of their peers lost their lives. "I just missed the explosion! For once I felt lucky," said a driver surnamed Zhang from Datong, North China's Shanxi Province, a major coal-producing province. Zhang witnessed the huge explosion just seconds before he was trying to stop his truck at the end of a truck line, as not a single space was left near the chemical plant. "I heard a huge sound. I knew something bad had happened."It is normal for truck drivers to sleep in their trucks all night and wait to unload their goods in the morning, mostly coal and salt. "After 6 pm, staff from the chemical plants stop working and we have to wait in line overnight," Zhang said. "We cannot afford a hotel," another driver said with a bitter smile. The drivers each receive no more than 500 yuan ($72) from Datong to Zhangjiakou per delivery, a distance of 200 kilometers. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US double standards worsen Rohingya crisisEast China city denies beating, killing dogs amid campaign to reign in dog-raisers' behaviorsChina sells US Treasury bonds to support yuan, not to hit back over trade war: experts Officials scramble for answers as flames continue to rageCalifornia fire death toll reaches 56; 130 missingCA voters say nation headed wrong way How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐