Illustration: Liu Rui/GT
The echoes of 1980s and 1990s unsustainable debt levels in some African countries are reverberating today with claims in the media that China is pushing them into a borrowing spree.Having grown weary of the US' and Europe's partnership that yielded little transformation, Africa is turning to Asia, especially China, for what has been referred to as a genuine and win-win cooperation. Through this friendship, African countries are seeking to have their dilapidated roads repaired, broken-down railway system fixed, ports built and modernized and energy supplies expanded besides boosting food production that would enable them to feed their people and export the surplus. By letting China jump-start its economy, Africa appreciates the fact that a growing economy would have huge ripple effects - generate jobs for its growing population and boost incomes and investments. So far, Sino-African cooperation has been flourishing. In transport and energy, China has invested in building railways in Kenya, Nigeria, Ethiopia and Zambia, among others. The Export-Import Bank of China, for instance, provided about 85 percent of the financing for the $475 million Addis Ababa Light Railway which serves more than 4 million people. A 2016 report by the International Energy Agency says Chinese companies operating as the main contractors were responsible for 30 percent of new capacity energy additions in sub-Saharan Africa between 2010-15. It went further to note that Chinese contractors have built or have been contracted to build 17 gigawatts of generation capacity in sub-Saharan Africa from 2010 to 2020, equivalent to Finland's total installed capacity. Through these Chinese-led power projects in Africa, it is expected that in the period 2010 to 2020, a total of 120 million people will gain access to electricity through the power grid.No sustainable development can happen without the means to implement it. That explains why more than $89 billion has been loaned to African countries since 2000 to date, making China one of the biggest creditors on the continent. With the increased demand for funds to bring African countries to a level that they can drive their own development vehicle, there is little doubt the Chinese loan amount would go up.Criticism has been mounting about why countries are approaching China for loans. It has been argued that the loans are a present-day version of colonialism. Eventually, sections of Western media have asserted that Africa would be engulfed in a Chinese debt trap. Far from the allegations, it is Africa's leadership and its people that would ultimately determine if their respective countries would borrow and use the money prudently in projects that would generate higher returns or not.  In a world that is technologically savvy and boasts of public participation on issues of national importance, coupled with innumerable investment opportunities that would bring in high returns, it would be almost impossible for a country to enter into a cycle of borrowing and re-borrowing, or rolling over loans, unless the amounts borrowed are put in recurrent expenditure.That is why I strongly concur with Abebe Aemro Selassie, director of the Africa Department at the International Monetary Fund (IMF), who argues that despite the alarm raised over increased borrowing, most African countries' debt levels are manageable.But the fact should not lead to careless and unnecessary borrowing. It is imperative to note that many African countries are still suffering from the World Bank and IMF loans that almost crippled them in the 1980s and 1990s. During this period, debt crisis was dominant, chiefly due to the fact that countries were borrowing for non-development issues. African countries were then suffering from governance issues, domestic markets were young with limited finances and most African states lacked the key factors of production.That is why when they approach the international market for any financial support, Africa leaders must tell if there is really a need to borrow. Importantly, the identified project where the borrowed money is to be invested in must generate a higher return than the interest to be paid on the loan. When a country finds itself in a financial hole such that it has already borrowed but cannot service the loan, common sense dictates that it negotiate with its lender for a favorable repayment terms. In an ideal situation, countries should strive to maintain a low debt-to-GDP ratio for it is an indicator that an economy is producing and selling goods and services enough to pay back debts without incurring further debt.There is no doubt that by 2050, most African countries' economies would have matured, and therefore able to sustain themselves. Then they would comfortably borrow and repay within the loan terms. But this, again, calls for its leaders to ruthlessly push for better governance, tame corruption and waste and create a conducive environment that would catalyze international flows and make commerce thrive.The author is a researcher and expert on China-Africa cooperation based in Nairobi, Kenya. Follow him on Twitter @kapchanga. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Full text: Keynote speech by President Xi Jinping at opening ceremony of 1st China International Import ExpoIn China, demand for Caucasian babysitters is rising, but cultural clashes are predestinedChina's Most advanced stealth drone unveiled CA voters say nation headed wrong wayDemocrat Newsom elected next governor of CaliforniaUC strike How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐