The tragedy of the bus with 15 people on board that plunged into the Yangtze River in Southwest China’s Chongqing Municipality last week was caused by a fight between the driver and a passenger, police said on Friday.According to police, a passenger, surnamed Liu, asked the driver to drop her off when she missed her drop-off station and the driver, surnamed Ran, refused to do so as he said he could not make unauthorized stops. The two then quarreled before things got physical, leading to the driver taking his right hand off the wheel to fight back. The driver’s other hand jerked the wheel and caused the bus traveling at 51 kilometers per hour to cross over the center line and hit a red car, resulting in the tragedy.  Liu’s behavior seriously undermined the vehicle’s safety — having a quarrel with Ran and attacking him twice with her mobile phone. Ran, as the bus driver, also violated his professional responsibilities, police said. Police concluded that both Liu and Ran had been suspected of violating criminal law by seriously endangering public safety. The bus was salvaged from the bottom of the river Wednesday night with the help from more than 70 professional salvage vessels, a frogman rescue team, underwater robots and gondolas. Thirteen bodies were recovered and have been confirmed so far. Media reports previously blamed the female driver of the red car for causing the accident which had provoked wide online discussion on discrimination against female drivers. Reports accused the female driver of passing the wrong lane, an account that proved false. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Alibaba's Jack Ma steals stage with speech at Israel forumForge international cooperation less focused on USWhy Washington politicians need to read Cha's Wuxia novels Family dynamics show changing cultural landscapeTrump targets US birthright citizenship as elections loomRose Queen How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐