A Chinese employee uses her smartphone at the stand of Huawei during an expo in Beijing in September 2017. Photo: IC
The Australian government may block Huawei from taking part in the country's fifth-generation (5G) telecoms industry on the basis of national security, a stance that Chinese telecoms experts said was discriminatory and unfair."Australia should realize that if Sino-Australian economic ties are hurt, Australia is the one that will bear more losses, not China," Bai Ming, deputy director of the Beijing-based international market research institute at the Ministry of Commerce, told the Global Times on Tuesday. Huawei on Monday hit back at claims that it is not controlled by the Chinese government, with Huawei's Australia unit chairman John Lord stressing that Huawei is owned by its employees, the Australia-based ABC News reported on Monday. Lord also noted that possible exclusion of Huawei from Australia's 5G business would greatly affect the company's business in the local market, according to a Financial Times report on Monday. Huawei, when contacted by the Global Times on Tuesday, said that the company is still drafting an official statement on Australia's possible block on Huawei's 5G services. According to the ABC News, the Australian government has been hesitating over whether it should block Huawei from joining the construction of Australia's 5G mobile network. The concern continued on Monday with some federal politicians calling for Huawei, as well as another Chinese telecoms leader ZTE, to be banned from any involvement in Australia's 5G network. One Australian politician said that Huawei and ZTE must report to the Chinese government "at the top of their organizations," the ABC News reported.Xiang Ligang, chief executive of telecom industry website cctime.com and a veteran telecoms expert, said that those claims are unfounded. "Have they conducted any asset investigation into Huawei to reach such a conclusion?" he told the Global Times on Tuesday. Bai said that some countries, including Australia, are magnifying the so-called sensitive side of Chinese telecoms companies to cover up their own protectionism. "Australia is keeping a sharp watch on Chinese companies, but it is lenient with US companies. This violates the principle of fair trade," Bai commented. Australia's possible ban on Huawei is just one example of the country's negative attitude toward Chinese investment in recent months. According to media reports, Australia in February tightened rules on foreign investment in electricity infrastructure and agricultural land, mostly amid concerns about growing Chinese influence in local business and society. Bai said that the focus of Australia's tightening foreign investment rules was on China specifically. According to Bai, Australia is highly dependent on China's trade and investment, and if it blocks Chinese companies, it will be Australia that suffers more.Customs data released on May 8 showed that in the first four months this year, China imported $33.88 billion worth of goods from Australia and exported $13.9 billion worth of goods to Australia. Xiang said that if Huawei is excluded from 5G business in Australia, it will hurt Australian mobile communications operators as well, because Huawei's prices are cheaper than those of other global competitors like Nokia and Ericsson. Huawei now accounts for more than 55 percent of Australia's 4G needs, Lord disclosed. Bai said that if Australia takes a negative or doubtful view of China and restricts Chinese companies in its market, the country will lose the trust of China and Australian companies will also lose many cooperation opportunities. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Buddhist representatives in Tibet undergo training, urged to be politically reliableUS warships unwelcome in Taiwan StraitsChinese amputee Xia Boyu achieves life-long goal of climbing the world's highest peak Tough punishment creates respect between teens, lawUSC president to step downMemorial Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐