As some 10 million Chinese students began to take the gaokao, China's university entrance exam, Chinese authorities spared no effort to safeguard the test, including assigning "sonar police" to prevent the blaring of car horns or other forms of disturbance near the exam sites. Police across China spared nothing to safeguard the 2018 gaokao by strengthening security measures and traffic controls, as well as noise control and monitoring the exam against cheating using high technology in exam venues. "Sonar police" were assigned to prevent the honking of vehicular horns around exam centers and major roads in Beijing on Thursday, The Beijing News reported. "Sonar police" is equipped with acoustic detection equipment, cameras, data acquisition instruments and LED display screens. It can precisely capture and locate vehicles that honk their horns. To ensure a fraud-free environment, all exam papers in Beijing are monitored by GPS, viewed by surveillance cameras and guarded by police until they are brought to the testing rooms, the Xinhua News Agency reported. To maintain a fair exam, Northeastern China's Jilin Province has installed signal monitors that cover the whole province as well as movable equipment capable of detecting wireless devices used for cheating. In less than two minutes, the suspected signals can be located, news site cnjiwang.com reported. China's Ministry of Public Security (MPS) and media also live-streamed how 10 public security departments across China safeguard gaokao examinees on Thursday. Local police bureaus from Inner Mongolia, Heilongjiang Province, Anhui Province and Shanghai joined the test livestream. In Beijing, two medical helicopters were assigned by the Beijing Red Cross Emergency Rescue Center for emergencies, especially for students taking the exams in suburbs and other remote areas. 130 first aid stations, 10 emergency vans and more than 600 medical personnel are on standby at exam venues, The Beijing News reported. "Smart" watches and glasses are not allowed at test venues. Students and exam proctors will be searched for electronic gadgets before they enter the test rooms, the report said. "Using high technology to secure gaokao or other events should be encouraged," Wang Taiyuan, a professor at People's Public Security University of China, told the Global Times on Thursday. "High technology facilitates the work of police officers. It is a trend."But Wang warned not to consider high technology as the final solution for managing public security or monitoring cheating in exams since it is only preventive in nature.Newspaper headline: China assigns ‘sonar police’ for gaokao Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Buddhist representatives in Tibet undergo training, urged to be politically reliableUS warships unwelcome in Taiwan StraitsChinese amputee Xia Boyu achieves life-long goal of climbing the world's highest peak Cyberspace should not be a life destinationNewsom, Cox to face offPedal on the Pier How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐