I was meeting my mother in a restaurant that I had wanted try for a long time. But as always, she was running late. Why? Because despite me telling her thousands of times that she should look up the directions to new locations before she goes to make sure she gets there on time, she still doesn't. It's as if she would rather let people wait for her than to prepare herself better, and it simply drives me insane. I am sure that all of us have similar stories about our parents' little shortcomings, and I am sure everyone can get very annoyed by these parental oddities. But unlike other people's oddities, it seems that we have an especially low tolerance for those of our parents. The shortcomings of our friends, partners or even pets we view with ease and even admiration. Maybe we are scared that if we stop getting annoyed by our parents we stop loving them. Maybe our annoyance is a sign of caring for them. At the same time, I think it is difficult to acknowledge that our parents are just humans like everyone else. They have good days and bad days, they have weaknesses and strengths and they can be hurt and say hurtful things too. We all have our own little idiosyncrasies. Nobody is free of them. Do we like to be constantly reminded and corrected for them? I certainly do not appreciate it, and I am certain that my mother doesn't either.  I think we start pointing out our parents' shortcomings in order to have something to say or to have something to talk about. It is also a way to avoid awkward silences because if you quit nagging, there is so much less to talk about. For example, when I went to lunch with my mother, the first 30 minutes of the conversations were dominated by her being late, never looking up a way to get somewhere before she goes and how much it annoys me. If it wasn't for her shortcomings maybe our conversation would consist of more silence. Maybe my nagging also shows that I care about her, in the sense that what she does affects me and is not irrelevant to me. In the end, our parents will not change and their little oddities will not vanish, so we should try to accept them for who they are. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Buddhist representatives in Tibet undergo training, urged to be politically reliableUS warships unwelcome in Taiwan StraitsChinese amputee Xia Boyu achieves life-long goal of climbing the world's highest peak Tough punishment creates respect between teens, lawUSC president to step downMemorial Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐