Magnificent creatures are on display in zoos, demonstrating the many wonders Mother Nature has to offer. We owe these animals a lot because we are entertained at the expense of their freedom and loss of natural habitat. Even if some of us don't learn to appreciate this poignant sacrifice, there is no way we as visitors should harm the animals.However, incidents of cruelty toward animals in captivity are many. In early June, two men threw pebbles at a sleeping tiger inside a cage at the Beijing Wildlife Zoo, presumably for the fun of seeing how the tiger would react. Some are even crueler than the pebble-throwing incident. In April, surveillance video at the Fuzhou Zoo in Southern China caught a kangaroo being hurt by visitors throwing stones. The kangaroo died the next day. And visitors to the Yangzhou Zoo in Eastern China plucked the feathers from the peacocks. Sometimes animal cruelty goes awry. Last year, an incident at the Beijing Badaling Safari Park shocked the whole country. A mother was mauled to death and her daughter was seriously injured after they jumped out of a car in the tiger zone. A powerful mythical item called the "monster-revealing mirror" existed in ancient Chinese legends. The mirror exists today in the form of a tour of the zoo or a person's behavior toward animals in captivity.Given repeated incidents of animal cruelty and the fact that gorgeous creatures have to live in captivity instead of enjoying their natural habitats, some people have denounced the zoo concept altogether and call for the abolishment all zoos. I'm not ready to go that far. However, I have to urgently call for all zoo operators to do a better job by establishing sound and solid protective measures. Animal cruelty is not allowed. Zoos are for people to understand and appreciate nature, not for perverted amusement. A visit to the zoo is a powerful experience when it comes to good parenting. Kids should be educated and enlightened, and at the zoo, they learn while having fun. However, it is the parents who must be educated first so that they can ensure that their kids benefit from their zoo experience.Let's say no to animal cruelty. Be kind and friendly with all the wonderful creatures who share the blue planet with us. This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Boy band EXO appointed as honorary ambassador for S. Korean tourism Mattis should listen rather than criticize during visit to ChinaUAE to join 3rd Belt & Road Summit in Hong Kong Celebrity suicides shine light on mental health needs in USSplit California into 3 states?Chalk Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐