Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT
 
As everyone knows, China is a major source of international students. One of my American friends used to joke that if they took Chinese class, they would understand 90 percent of the students in school.Many Chinese students are sent abroad at an early age, according to the media. It has also been reported that nowadays more and more Chinese parents are willing to let their children study abroad before even finishing high school. What I am going to tell you here is that the number of "older" students is increasing as well.By "older" students, I mean students over 30. It is not that old, but going back to school in your 30s is not often seen in Chinese society because most Chinese students go directly to graduate school after completing their undergraduate degree and would be around 24 when they start working. When they get to 30, they have more "serious" things to do, such as building their career, settling down, buying a house, getting married and starting a family. As Confucius said, "At the age of 30, one should be able to stand on their own feet." In the early 2000s, only people from rich families could afford to study abroad. I wanted to study abroad after completing my undergraduate. "Sorry, I can't afford it. You are on your own," my dad said. By the time I managed to save enough money, I was already 32.I needed a new challenge, and at 32, I was old enough to realize that my level of education restricted my access to new career opportunities. So, I quit my job in 2014 and went to study.I did not tell my mother. I was worried that if I told her I would be living abroad, jobless and single, she might send me to a mental hospital. Instead, I lied and told her that my company sent me to work abroad. She thought I was wasting my youth and time. When I told my female friends my plan, I was overwhelmed with love and support. Interestingly, all the people I know who are willing to take the plunge are women in their 30s. One of my friends is planning to go to law school in the US next year; she will be 40 when she graduates.Confessing that she asks herself if it is worth it a million times a day, she said, "I think I am much better prepared this time."Going back to school in your 30s is not easy, especially when you go to school with classmates that are fresh out of their undergraduate studies. "Yes, you have real-world experience, but you can't really communicate with the younger students," my friend said, giving me a heads-up. To avoid having a Chinese roommate half my age, I applied for programs that are designed for mid-career professionals. When I finally got into one of those mid-career programs, I was one of the youngest students, and I was the only Chinese. So, why not go back to school in your 30s? Thirty is the new 20 anyway. This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Boy band EXO appointed as honorary ambassador for S. Korean tourism Mattis should listen rather than criticize during visit to ChinaUAE to join 3rd Belt & Road Summit in Hong Kong Celebrity suicides shine light on mental health needs in USSplit California into 3 states?Chalk Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐