Editor's Note:Decades ago, many Chinese people spared no efforts and expense to immigrate to developed countries in order to pursue a better life and more job opportunities. Their offspring, however, are now attracted by China's rapid development and surging economy in order to realize the Chinese Dream their parents never had. The Global Times recently interviewed several "third-culture" Chinese who have recently returned to China for work. Robert Hsiung is our ninth interviewee.

Robert Hsiung Photo: Yang Hui/GTAs the first employee of Udacity China in 2015, Robert Hsiung had a great dream and believed that education could change a person's fate. "I do believe what we are doing now can help accelerate the economic development in China ultimately," Hsiung told the Global Times, "For individuals, they can change their fate through studying."Online education company Udacity is a Silicon Valley's unicorn with a $1 billion valuation. Hsiung is now the managing director of Udacity China, leading a team of around 80 employees who were mostly born after 1985. They train professional engineers in the technology fields, including self-driving cars.Before he became the managing director of Udacity China, Hsiung had rich and varied experiences in entrepreneurship. When visiting Beijing in 2005, he was deeply impressed with the change in people's daily lives by technology and with the rising number of local entrepreneurs.Hsiung was born in Toronto, Canada, in the 1980s and moved to Hong Kong when he was 13 years old. He went to the US in 1998, just as the internet was becoming mainstream, to study computer science in the University of Pennsylvania. In 2006, he chose Stanford Graduate School of Business for his two-year MBA. After graduation, he had the chance to start his own business in China, a professional-social-networking application that allows users to view the professional profiles of users who are nearby and exchange business cards.In 2009, they leased a small office and launched the product. The business started to take off, gradually growing into a team of 20 employees. "But it was really hard to spend three years focusing on it," Hsiung sighed, explaining that the team ultimately was forced to sell off the business to a French company."We learned a lot from our [failed experience] in management, raising funds and marketing," Hsiung said.Early days of WiFiFailure did not hinder Hsiung's career development. On the contrary, it enriched his mind and prepared him for his next venture. He became the Chief Operating Officer (COO) of Beijing-based tech firm Yaoyaozhaoche in 2013, and led the launch of 84 WiFi, a wireless-based bus entertainment service which allows passengers to watch movies on their mobile phones."WiFi is quite popular now and you can even use it in an airplane," Hsiung said, adding that in 2013 WiFi was not yet as popular in China as it is today.In order to promote 84 WiFi, Hsiung and his colleagues personally visited long-distance bus stations in Guangzhou, capital of South China's Guangdong Province and Nanning, South China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region."When we saw buses parking in the station, we immediately approached the drivers to chat with them [in order to promote the business]," Hsiung grinned. "Because I know the importance of focusing on clients and market demands," he added.Entering the education sectorIn 2014, a chance to be CEO of study abroad internet portal Sharewithu helped Hsiung realize the power of education, not just as a profitable business but in terms of benefiting society and people's personal paths.After Udacity started to expand its business in China in 2015, Hsiung saw the future of the education industry and seized the opportunity.As an entrepreneur, Hsiung deeply felt the talent shortage in China. "The lack of engineers in tech is hindering China's industry growth," he emphasized. "Without [excellent] engineers, you can't develop products or update technology." Around 5 million AI talents are needed, according to media reports."I do believe what we are doing now can help solve the problem and accelerate the economic development in China," Hsiung noted. "For students, they can change their fate through studying."They currently have more than 300,000 students - including 10,000 students studying Nanodegree - mostly in second- and third-tier cities across China. He feels their education has helped them gain professional knowledge directly from top tech companies.Stressing localizationAfter spending so many years in China, Hsiung has personally witnessed the nation's rapid development. "Since 2008, the US has lead the world in tech. But in just the past five years, China has also made great progress in tech development, such as the sharing economy and mobile apps," he explained."We have noticed that the success rate of Silicon Valley-based companies is quite low in China," he added. "We have to focus on localization and be flexible about changing our strategy to meet Chinese market needs."For example, after starting their education business in 2016, for six months the new company did not have as many students as they expected because Hsiung and his team had simply copied the American business model, which clearly did not work in China.So they hired a team with China experience and shifted their strategy to localization. According to Hsiung, the new model has set the company on a path to big success."We still have a long way to go. We aim to educate 10 million engineers in China," noted Hsiung.

Photo: VCG Newspaper headline: Knowledge changes fate Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Boy band EXO appointed as honorary ambassador for S. Korean tourism Mattis should listen rather than criticize during visit to ChinaUAE to join 3rd Belt & Road Summit in Hong Kong Celebrity suicides shine light on mental health needs in USSplit California into 3 states?Chalk Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐