China Executive Leadership Academy Pudong (CELAP), located in Shanghai's Pudong New Area, is a national institution funded by the central government, directly administered by the Organization Department of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee and under the guidance of CPC Shanghai Municipal Committee. Established in 2005, CELAP has trained over 100,000 Chinese cadres and played a key role in strengthening the Party's governance capability.Anyone would be impressed by CELAP's campus, which was designed by French artists. The main red-roofed, gray-walled building is surrounded by bamboo, plane trees and colorful flowers, like a giant table from the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644). Next to it stands the glass-walled administration building tower, resembling a modern pencil jar. Behind the tower there are eight buildings that look like books opened up by the wind, which are dormitories for cadres. A walk through the campus reveals flags with slogans such as "Never forget why you started, and you can accomplish your mission," and statues titled "Set sail" and "Elite tree."The design of the campus integrates modern and international styles with Party spirit, which are also the characteristics of China and the Party presented to the world over past decades. When CELAP was officially opened in March 2005, the opening-up and reform was in full swing and the country needed officials of high quality, extensive knowledge and excellent governing capacity. It became a new challenge for the CPC to enhance its capability. "The report of the 16th CPC National Congress proposed to establish three national-level official training institutions and one of them was CELAP. The central government came out with two big strategies: to train officials and improve their qualities at a large scale and to build a service-oriented, innovative and learning Party," Zheng Jinzhou, vice president of CELAP, told the Global Times."The three institutions with different specialties and the Party School of the Central Committee of CPC form a complete training system. The top the Party School of the Central Committee of CPC, also known as the Chinese Academy of Governance focuses more on theory study and public administration. Under it the schools in Jinggangshan, East China's Jiangxi Province, and in Yan'an, Northwest China's Shaanxi Province, both former revolutionary bases, place greater emphasis on Party history and spirit. The school in Pudong specializes in international exchange, reform and opening-up study," Zheng added. In recent decades, China has continued exploring ways to cultivate cadres. When the country was founded, cadres were dispatched to the Soviet Union to learn. Later, cadres visited the US for study at the early period of reform and opening-up, and then followed the "Singapore mode."Starting from the 21st century, China began a new campaign for training cadres and CELAP is the innovative practitioner in the historic progress of training which integrates Party spirit with modern governing philosophy. Crisis simulation labsA strong governing capacity is a necessary and key quality for cadres in the new development era of socialism with Chinese characteristics. It includes capacities of political leadership, reform and innovation management, law-based governance and risk treatment. CELAP offers practical trainings for cadres of high and low levels, who are implementing the reform and opening-up. To fulfill its mission in strengthening governance capacity of Party cadres, CELAP has built six labs for simulating different situations in daily work and two more are being in construction. In the crisis management lab, the teacher asks officials to think about how they will allocate staff and resources during the construction waste landslide in Shenzhen, South China's Guangdong Province, in 2015.Mayors from different cities, divided into six teams, discussed and debated on behalf of different groups involved in the reproduced tragic accident. In such simulated accidents, officials improve their governing capacity in crisis and emergencies. "We hope these simulation studies will help cadres improve their capacity in dealing with crisis and disasters," professor Li Min told the Global Times. Li was the instruction designer of the crisis management simulation course and said all the cases discussed in class were based on reality. Fewer empty talksIn the media communications lab, cadres and a teacher stimulate an interview about globalization and Sino-US trade war in a television studio.The teacher, who is a chief anchorperson from the Shanghai Media Group, pretended to be the host, four cadres were ambassadors being interviewed and the other cadres were journalists. The host made pointed comments such as "Youngsters will think what you've just said are cliches."It has become a necessary skill for Party cadres to communicate effectively with media and the public in the era of "we-media." Party leaders ask officials at every level to respond proactively to media and the public. In class, the host told the officials to speak in an easy and understandable way and reduce cliches. "Sometimes you can be humorous," she said. "Our cadres used to rarely communicate with media. But now we need them to know and cooperate with media. We simulate press conferences, television interviews and public speeches. Cadres may make mistakes in the learning processes, but they can avoid these mistakes in the reality, which could cost a lot," Zheng told the Global Times.Other simulation labs include a financial innovation lab, where officials simulate futures trading and a management lab of smart cities where officials discuss latest urban managing conceptions.No matter how capable a cadre is, to keep a firm Party spirit is the priority. In CELAP, every cadre has to sleep in a dormitory and have dinner in the dining hall. Dinner parties, secretaries and government vehicles are forbidden on campus.Cadres who take leave must return to the school before 10 at night. Cadres must also read many theory books in their spare time. On the bookshelf of each dormitory is a Party Constitution, books about Party history, The Selected Works of Mao Zedong, and Xi Jinping: The Governance of China.School on wheelsBesides conducting simulation in labs, CELAP also organizes many field trips to ensure their training is practical and useful. "We bring cadres to reform and opening-up frontiers to witness progresses. We pay visits to Zhangjiang to investigate scientific innovation and to Waigaoqiao for a study of free trade zone," Zheng told the Global Times. "We have more than 530 field spots in the Yangtze River Delta region, where we learn from their experiences and conduct investigation over various topics, such as reforms of State-owned company, law enforcement system, health care system and community management," he added. To expand the global vision of Party officials, CELAP invites politicians, scholars, entrepreneurs and experts from all over the world to give lessons or make keynote speeches. Liu Genfa, deputy director of the Department of International Exchange and Training at CELAP, told the Global Times that five to 10 percent of the school's courses are lectured by foreign teachers."Former Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard, former British Prime Minister Gordon Brown, former World Bank Group president Robert Zoellick and many other guest professors made speeches here about the latest international situations, rules and management experiences," Liu said. To enhance international exchange, CELAP exports the experiences of Party management and China's reform and opening-up when it brings in advanced theories. Over the past 13 years, CELAP has cultivated 7,000 foreign students from governments, companies and think-tanks of more than 130 countries.This story was compiled by Zhou Ping based on a report in the Chinese Global Times.

The front gate of CELAP Photos: Yang Hui/GT

The main building of CELAP and views around it Photos: Yang Hui/GT

The inside view of a dormitory Photos: Yang Hui/GT                                                                                         

The canteen of CELAP Photos: Yang Hui/GT

A sculpture Photos: Yang Hui/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US generals should be prudent when talking about South China SeaTerrorism moving from Middle East to Southeast Asia, warns Chinese expert at Singapore forumChinese general refutes US Defense Secretary's remarks concerning 'militarization' of South China Sea Tough punishment creates respect between teens, lawUSC president to step downMemorial Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐