China has seen slowing growth in the number of people applying for foreign residence or citizenship, a report released on Saturday showed. Developed countries, including the US, Canada, the UK and Germany, have seen fewer Chinese immigrants over the years, while countries along the Belt and Road initiative are becoming more popular as immigration destinations, according to a report issued by  Center for China and Globalization (CCG) in Beijing.China is the fourth-largest source of immigrants in the world.The five most popular nations and regions along the Belt and Road for Chinese are Singapore (448,000), Bangladesh (177,000), Thailand (100,000), Indonesia (70,000) and Russia (56,000), the report said. In 2017, about 74,000 Chinese were granted permanent residency in the US, 9.2 percent less than 2016. Only 2,271 Chinese applied for UK citizenship in 2017, the lowest number since 2007, according to the report. Tightening immigration policy in developed nations such as the US and Canada, as well as increasingly conservative attitudes toward immigrants in the UK and Germany, have all been majors factors in this changing trend, Weng Li, a law professor at Zhejiang University, told the Global Times on Saturday at the conference on Global Talent Mobility, Migration, and Migration Law held in Beijing. Chinese immigrants are a major source of international capital flows, the report said. In 2017, an estimated $63.9 billion went to China from overseas workers, the second-largest after India. Driven by globalization, China has seen an increasing number of workers in foreign nations, mostly in Asia and Africa in 2016. Beyond China's economic development, overseas Chinese need to better serve China's rise, Yan Ting, professor from Research Center for Overseas Chinese at Jiangsu Normal University, said at the conference. China must put forth policies that strengthen the links between ethnic Chinese and China, such as preferred visa policies and "Chinese origin cards," Yan said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Buddhist representatives in Tibet undergo training, urged to be politically reliableUS warships unwelcome in Taiwan StraitsChinese amputee Xia Boyu achieves life-long goal of climbing the world's highest peak Cyberspace should not be a life destinationNewsom, Cox to face offPedal on the Pier How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐