The absence of the Chinese team at the 2018 FIFA World Cup is hardly denting the enthusiasm of Chinese fans for the tournament, which is being hosted by Russia for the first time ever. It's fair to say that the month-long event offers another chance for the world's second-largest economy to showcase its manufacturing prowess. It's also being increasingly billed as a commercial festival starring Chinese brands that are opting to spend lavishly on soccer-related advertising. Products made in China, which range from official match balls to a wide variety of tournament-related souvenirs, memorabilia and gifts, will make the country an indispensable part of the competition. This is surely proof of the heights that China's manufacturing capabilities have reached.These products can turn high-profile events such as the quadrennial tournament into a showcase for Chinese manufacturers' adeptness in delivering affordable yet quality goods. This prowess will form the foundation of the nation's push for an industrial makeover that features basic strength as well as advanced manufacturing capabilities. On top of that, there are signs of the country's rising clout to be seen in the global market for extra advertising spending that's related to the competition.According to global media agency Zenith, Chinese brands will splurge on the event, with $835 million in additional ad spending. That's more than one-third of the amount that this year's World Cup tournament will add to the global advertising market, the agency said. For Chinese fans, however, the national team - which only qualified for the competition in 2002 and scored no goals at all in that year - seems to have drawn them even more into the matches, which manifest the nation's strength in areas other than soccer. The author is a reporter with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass American media fail to grasp full picture of Trump-Kim summitAs Indians outperform Chinese in overseas corporate management, experts say China must nurture home-grown talent to catch upUnder SCO, India and Pakistan find common ground California's health bill could lead to welfare casualtyJudge accepts killer's plea dealPresidential Twitter Library How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐