Buddhist monks and nuns in the Tibet Autonomous Region tasked with spreading government policies completed a three-day training last week to strengthen their political beliefs. These Buddhist facilitators are asked to be reliable in politics and take a clear-cut and firm stance, which is one of four standards they are required to follow, according to a training workshop held in Lhasa from May 31 to June 2, Tibet.cn reported Monday. Aside from the political requirements, the "four standards" also asks them to be profound in religious knowledge, be convincing in morality and play an active role at critical moments. Holding educational activities should be their major political mission now and in the future, the report said.The report did not say how many monks participated in the training. "Buddhist temples play a key role in Tibet's stability. The facilitators spread the latest religious and political policies and spirit from the central government to monks and nuns, leading them to advocate socialist development with Chinese characteristics," Xiong Kunxin, a professor at Beijing's Minzu University of China, told the Global Times on Monday. Having the Buddhist facilitators preach policies to monks and nuns is more effective than through a third-party lecture or directly from the central government, Xiong said. As religious personnel, Buddhist facilitators have a better understanding of the thoughts and habits of their own group, Xiong added. After the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China in 2017, more than 20,000 Party cadres in Tibet were sent to local villages, 7,000 to temples to preach the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress among Buddhist monks, nuns, students and farmers, Tibet Daily reported. "Tibet is the key to national security and the frontline of the anti-secession struggle. The report of the 19th National Congress calls for the acceleration of border area development and to ensure its security," the Tibet Daily report said. The facilitators were chosen based on the firmness of their political stance and competence. They were selected from Party cadres, grassroots farmers or herders, teachers, temple officials and patriotic religious personnel, Tibet Daily reported in 2017. Facilitators are usually active or young monks and nuns in temples willing to learn and share with others, Zhu Xiaoming, former Party chief of the China Tibetology Research Center, told the Global Times.The Tibet facilitators receive regular training to better spread knowledge and policy to the public. More than 260 representatives of facilitators in Tibet were gathered in April 2017 to learn how to better promote the idea  when launching a "patriotism-themed" education activity. To better spread the spirit of the 19th National Congress, more than 100 leading facilitators also received intense training, the Tibet Daily reported.  Newspaper headline: Tibet monks undergo training Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US generals should be prudent when talking about South China SeaTerrorism moving from Middle East to Southeast Asia, warns Chinese expert at Singapore forumChinese general refutes US Defense Secretary's remarks concerning 'militarization' of South China Sea Tough punishment creates respect between teens, lawUSC president to step downMemorial Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐