The ancient gibbon's skull excavated by archaeologists from a burial pit in Northwest China's Shaanxi Province from 2004 to 2008. Photo: Courtesy of Shaanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology
 Researchers confirmed Monday that an ancient species of gibbon, a type of ape, whose bones were uncovered in a burial pit built thousands of years ago in Northwest China, is extinct.The experts put the bones through DNA tests to establish their link to existing species of gibbon. "It's the first time that well preserved gibbon bones were excavated from an ancient burial pit," Hu Songmei, a research fellow at the Shaanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology, told the Global Times on Monday. The gibbon's bones were found during an archaeological dig between 2004 and 2008 in a burial pit in Northwest China's Shaanxi Province, part of a tomb which experts believed had been built for Xia Ji, the grandmother of Qin Shihuang, China's first emperor. The tomb was built about 2,200 years ago. The discovery excited Hu, who focuses her research on animal archeology. "It is rare to have those bones since the bones of primate animals easily degrade after death," Hu said.

Shaanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology researcher Hu Songmei takes photos of the excavation of the Qin Dynasty burial pit. Photo: Courtesy of Shaanxi Provincial Institute of Archaeology
Experts from the institute together with scientists from the UK have been conducting analysis on the remains of the gibbon since 2012, and reached a conclusion: The gibbon was not of any current species."Bones of other primates were found in previous digs, such as the bones of golden monkeys. The gibbon bones are even more precious since that species is extinct," Hu said. Some endangered species of golden monkey and gibbon are listed as first-class State-protected animals in China. During the past 2,000 years, Hu said that the number of gibbons has dramatically decreased in China due to environmental changes and human activity such as hunting and the cutting down of forests.Bones of other wild animals were also found in the same burial pit. "There was one skeleton of gibbon, together with that of a leopard, a lynx, a crane, a sheep and two black bears," said Zhang Tian'en, leader of the archaeological dig project.An iron chain and cages were also found in the pit together with the animals, Zhang told the Global Times. Hu said that those wild animals could have been raised as pets in the royal palace, and were buried with the deceased so that they could, as ancient Chinese believed, continue to enjoy their companionship.Two such burial pits of wild animals were also found near the tomb of Qin Shihuang and at the Hanyang Mausoleum.Newspaper headline: Extinct gibbon skull found in ancient tomb Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Rasos Festival celebrated in LithuaniaChina must hold to opening-up in face of doubtsStay calm on tech gap between China, West Celebrity suicides shine light on mental health needs in USSplit California into 3 states?Chalk Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐