Gurkhas receive training for recruitment as soldiers at a camp in Katmandu in August 2017. Photo: Fan Lingzhi/GT
Security for Tuesday's meeting between US President Donald Trump and North Korean leader Kim Jong-un is unprecedented with Singapore pulling out all the stops to guard the delegations and the venue. There is none better to do this than the Gurkhas  - one of the world's fiercest warrior tribes from Nepal. According to Reuters, elite Singaporean police, including its Gurkha Contingent, will be securing the summit venue, roads and hotels. The majority of police officers in the Contingent are Gurkhas recruited from a small number of hill tribes in Nepal. They are physically and mentally robust, and resourceful with an uncomplaining dependability, according to the website of the Singapore Police Force. Described as "tough, vigilant, and steadfast, fully trained and manned" by the Singapore police, the Gurkha Contingent formed in 1949 is capable of paramilitary operations to safeguard Singapore, the police said.Singapore's Gurkhas are linked to a British tradition that has recruited and paid for elite regiments from Nepal for more than 200 years. Tough training, higher payThe gutsy Gurkhas are somewhat mysterious for most people. The Global Times reporter visited one of their training camps in Nepal in November 2017 to witness the tough training they undergo. The training school in the capital Kathmandu looked like a café from outside. The walls inside were decorated with photos and sketches of outstanding Gurkhas. Known as Bull Club, the institute was founded 20 years ago. An employee of the club told the Global Times that young trainees have to undergo physical training, combat training, weapon skills and high-risk tactical training, aimed at developing qualities needed for the British army and Singapore police force. The club has sent 500 of its members to the British army and Singapore police force. Dozens of young men were seen training in an indoor stadium when the Global Times reporter visited. Military instructors from Britain recruit elite Gurkhas in June and July each year, said the coach. Applicants need to be no shorter than 5.2 feet and weigh not less than 50 kilograms. They should also know English. Instructors would test applicants for sturdiness, making them run a 800-meter sprint in 2 minute 40 seconds and complete 70 sit-ups in two minutes, the coach said.The last test is a 30-minute interview featuring English and cognitive abilities. It is then that the instructors decide on their deployment, according to the coach. A 19-year-old trainee told the Global Times that he was drawn to the Singapore police  for better pay. A Gurkha sent overseas, the coach said, could receive an average of 1,500 pounds ($2,012) per month - a windfall for the men who come from a country with an annual per-capita income of around 5,000 yuan. If posted to conflict zones like Afghanistan or Lebanon, a Gurkha could get up to 3,000 pounds per month with free food and clothing, he said. Since 2016, more trainees choose to work in France due to easier tests and the lure of making at least 800 pounds every month in the European nation. Sent to the frontierThe Gurkhas receive post-retirement allowance to help them cope with life after they hang their boots. Nanda Bdr Singh, a professor at the Central Department of Zoology at Nepal's Tribhuvan University, told the Global Times that India has set up three allowance distribution centers in Nepal, and there are a total of 127,000 Gurkhas who served in India before retirement. There are around 30,000 Gurkhas among India's troops, often sent to frontiers during confrontations with neighboring countries, which has drawn criticism in Nepal. "We don't want war. Life forces us to become soldiers," the Bull Club coach said, adding that loyalty is their duty.Singh said that Nepal should abolish recruitment contracts signed with Britain and India, as they violate the Himalayan nation's foreign policy. Newspaper headline: Gutsy Gurkhas Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Buddhist representatives in Tibet undergo training, urged to be politically reliableUS warships unwelcome in Taiwan StraitsChinese amputee Xia Boyu achieves life-long goal of climbing the world's highest peak Cyberspace should not be a life destinationNewsom, Cox to face offPedal on the Pier How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐