Officials visit a family living in poverty in Ziwu township, Chuxiong, Southwest China's Yunnan Province, in October 2017. Photo: Courtesy of Chuxiong poverty alleviation office
Since August 2017, Bai Xingyang, an official with the government of Jiangbian township in Yuanmou county, Southwest China's Yunnan Province, has only had 10 days off. At his already-challenging job, there are no regular working hours, weekends or holidays.As the deputy head of the township's government, Bai has been assigned to numerous poverty-relief initiatives, including visiting impoverished families in remote villages, overseeing housing projects and helping rural workers.He is among the thousands of local officials across China who are carrying out the country's war against poverty, aiming to completely eradicate extreme poverty by 2020. Their work and life on the frontline offers a close look at how seriously China is taking the fight against poverty. "I feel proud. This is a big job related to the well-being of so many people. It is a rare opportunity for me to participate in such a great effort," Bai told the Global Times on May 29. However, as the central government rushes to meet this ambitious goal, officials have come under tremendous pressure, facing tough challenges and even danger in some cases, despite their sense of pride in taking on this historic task.Bai, a very articulate man in his 30s who frequently cites key points in documents from the central government, was quick to point out those immense pressures and challenges officials like him face.Dangerous jobIn Yunnan's Chuxiong Yi Autonomous Prefecture, a main battlefield in the fight against poverty due to its large impoverished population, the job can even become life-threatening.Seven local officials in Chuxiong, which covers Yuanmou county, have died on duty. Some have been killed in car accidents while visiting remote areas, while others have died of sickness and exhaustion, according to Luo Wenhui, head of the Office for Poverty Alleviation and Development of the Chuxiong Government.Although highways and paved roads have been built in many big towns across Chuxiong, there is no easy way to access certain small villages in extremely remote mountains. Especially during rainy season, the roads can be very dangerous due to floods and landslides, according to officials and local residents.  As part of the poverty-relief effort, officials are assigned to specific villages and families and required to visit those communities frequently to help them with all kinds of problems they face.Bai said that in the seven years he has worked for the government, he has visited almost all the families in the township, which has a population of about 15,000 people."Sometimes, when I think about their living conditions, especially transportation, I feel really sad," Bai said. Bai is certainly not alone. In Chuxiong, there are more than 100,000 officials from all levels of government taking part in poverty alleviation, according to Luo."There are few officials and way too much work. There are no holidays. We are working seven days a week, from morning to night, no matter the weather," he told the Global Times. "It is a war we are fighting." Mounting pressureWith the war comes pressure from higher levels of government to get the job done on time and well. And there have been numerous unannounced inspections from senior officials, cross-government check-ups as well as regular third-party evaluations."Our officials are facing huge pressure from both higher level governments and residents," said Zhou Jipei, a senior official at the Office for Poverty Alleviation and Development in Pu'er city in southwestern Yunnan, another major battlefield in the country's fight against poverty.Zhou told the Global Times on Thursday that the city's poverty-relief efforts are currently under evaluation by third-party inspectors hired by the central government, which adopts "very high standards" that are sometimes not suitable for some areas with extremely harsh conditions and erratic weather.During these inspections, if any problems are discovered, officials can be held accountable and even fired.In the first quarter of 2018, an inspection made by the Yunnan provincial government found that there were 5,432 poverty alleviation-related problems across the province, including corruption. As a result, 1,524 officials were "dealt with," according to a government statement released on May 14.Tough residentsThe pressure on officials also sometimes comes from residents, who constantly ask for help with everything from applying for loans for their family businesses to getting jobs for their children.Li Yijia, an official of the Simao district in Pu'er, has been assigned to help several families living in poverty. During a meal on Thursday, she received at least five phone calls from one family, asking her to help their daughter find a job in the city."I have to do it. It's part of the job," she told the Global Times.Luo Xinggui, deputy head of Chuxiong's Office of Poverty Alleviation and Development, who's already a busy man with a schedule jam-packed with meetings, paperwork and other administrative tasks, is responsible for helping lift three families out of poverty."A card with my phone number and my picture is hanging on the doors of these families' homes. It's very transparent. [Also, inspectors] check up on us with a phone call to see if we've visited the family and what we did for them," he told the Global Times.While some families are very cooperative, others cause serious problems for these officials because of their backward mind-set and uncooperative attitude toward poverty-relief efforts.For example, some families living in harsh conditions where there are no job prospects refuse to move simply because they have been living there for a long time, Luo said. "It is very tough work [to convince them]. We have to talk to them repeatedly… and try to build a relationship with them so they can better understand our work. But this takes time."Fulfilling taskDespite the daunting tasks, local officials say they keep on fighting because of their sense of duty and pride in being part of the country's historic effort to lift millions out of poverty."I feel I can't let down my leaders' and the public's trust in me. If I don't do well, I might never be able to raise my head or face anyone ever again," said Bai. He said that it is also an honor to participate in this great effort because "maybe this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity."Luo Xinggui added that seeing the great changes he and his colleagues have brought to some towns and villages is very fulfilling for them."We sometimes say that in 10 or 20 years, when we look back at this, we will feel our work paid off," he said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US generals should be prudent when talking about South China SeaTerrorism moving from Middle East to Southeast Asia, warns Chinese expert at Singapore forumChinese general refutes US Defense Secretary's remarks concerning 'militarization' of South China Sea Tough punishment creates respect between teens, lawUSC president to step downMemorial Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐