Editor's note:Stephen Perry, chairman of the 48 Group Club, a business network committed to promoting links with China, has been to China more than 200 times and has witnessed the country's evolution throughout the years. His connection with the country can be traced back to 1953, when he was part of his father Jack Perry's icebreaker group to China. That trip restarted UK-China trade relations. As this year marks the 40th anniversary of China's opening-up policy, Perry shared his insights with the Global Times' London correspondent Sun Wei (GT) about the country's changes.  

Stephen Perry, chairman of the 48 Group Club, at his home in London Photo: Sun Wei/GTGT: You have been to China so many times, including visits before its opening-up, during and after. What core changes have you witnessed? Perry: The change in China is phenomenal. By 1976, the people were not comfortable with politics in command. Deng Xiaoping and others who he worked with had an idea of how to open up the economy. Transforming agriculture was the number one priority. Agriculture before 1978 was formed on the basis of communes and now they have moved 700 to 800 million people off the land and into the cities, and they've created much bigger spaces to develop agriculture. Transforming the manufacturing industry was number two. China did that by focusing on the coastal provinces and export-led products, particularly copying the way in which countries like Japan and South Korea had done it. It would be extremely difficult for China to become a major exporter of consumer goods. But you look at what has happened. Then the development of the service industry. We used to say there are more Chinese restaurants in London than in Beijing. Now there are restaurants everywhere in China. China transformed its agriculture, manufacturing and service industries in 40 years in a way which took Britain 200 years and America 100 years. That's not chance or luck. It is the use of the scientific method. The Chinese use the scientific method and people in the West don't understand it because it is connected with Marxism. The scientific method is essentially about identifying all the elements of what you want to do and testing it to see whether it can be achieved and then rolling out the policies. So socialism with Chinese characteristics has been tested and experimented with for the last 40 years. My father led the icebreaker  mission in 1953 to China. He believed what the professors in Cambridge, particular Joseph Needham, said, that China would return to being a major world power. I saw that happen and he was right. It was a real understanding of China and the Chinese people and the Chinese Communist Party.  
GT: In the past, many in the West didn't have faith in China. Can you remember some of the things they believed?Perry: In 1978, most people thought China was a bit strange. They didn't really have to worry about it because China was a small country with not much influence in the world. But whilst that was true, they were missing the opportunity to understand the thousands of years of underlying values of Chinese people. The Westerners in current days worrying about China have something to do with Karl Marx. Marx had a huge impact on the world towards the end of the 19th century and into the 20th century, particularly with the Russian Revolution in 1917. And that was a terrifying shock to the capitalist world. The paranoia about socialism and communism remains up to date, underlying that there's still a huge propaganda campaign against socialism and communism. That is the problem with the West's approach to China. They are not interested in insights into how China succeeded and why China is succeeding. When the West starts realizing that the Chinese have studied our Western societies and Western economies, and have drawn conclusions about how to apply them to China, then they will begin to realize that they can learn from China. But that process may take decades. 
GT: What do you think are the most important lessons China has learned in the last 40 years?Perry: When China was looking at WTO entry, many people including myself took the view that China will be overpowered by the arrival of Western businesses.  Actually, that wasn't what happened. WTO entry was well thought about in advance by China, and China facilitated it with huge opening-up. China also took on board a lot of foreign goods, but it was far more able to control the influx of goods. Of course, that made the Americans unhappy. They say it's a state-controlled economy. But Boeing exists because the American military bought airplanes from it. So any idea that Boeing is an independent non-state funded company is not accurate. There are many different companies. China is in the phase of development, going from being a backward country now to being a moderately successful prosperous country. By the time China is an advanced country, I think China will be relatively relaxed about the activities of foreigners in their market. What they're going to do is to make sure the development is stage-by-stage and phase-by-phase. The major lessons and challenges are: plan but don't be frightened, take risks and learn from risks, and the most important one is don't forget that you're doing this for the people of China.  
GT: Chinese President Xi Jinping said at the Boao Forum for Asia that China needs to further open up. What's your comment on his speech? Does China now face another crossroad? Perry: For those who follow China carefully, President Xi Jinping's speech at the Boao Forum was calculated to be understood and read in the US where there's a trade war going on. One of the areas where China has been under a lot of pressure from foreigners, particularly the Americans, is the car industry. What the speech indicated was China is not opening up because it is being pressured, but rather China is ready to open up. Opening-up is a reality in China. The Chinese process is not to control imports in order to avoid competition, but to control the timing of imports, so that Chinese industries have a chance to innovate and develop and be able to compete with foreigners.  The Boao Forum speech was a clear interpretation of socialism with Chinese characteristics. It wasn't just words made to sound good to foreigners who were present, it was Xi reinforcing a clear message: that China is 40 percent of world growth and it will continue to be 40 percent of world growth for quite some time. 
GT: We can see rising protectionism in Europe and the US. In your opinion, what is the importance of further opening-up?Perry: Globalization of products is here to stay. What's become an issue is where they're made and who makes the money. The protectionism and populism of Europe and the US is a reflection of the inequality within those countries, and also the inequality of trade balances between different parts of the world. The way US President Donald Trump wants to do it ignores the fact that they don't have the trade deficits industries anymore. It's a very complicated question as to if you've allowed your economy to get rid of all the low cost production, can you bring them back? What's involved is that the political leaders of the West have really forgotten economic planning. And the reason why China is succeeding so well is precisely because Chinese leaders have been working on economic planning for decades and you cannot be a top leader in China without having been responsible for key parts of the economy in different forms. And there's a huge difference in capability and in experience and training. In the West, we've been through a financial crisis and put in a lot of money to avoid a meltdown with the financial industries. The Western economies have not yet found long-term solutions and so protectionism becomes a knee-jerk reaction to deal with it. It's a long way for the countries to go before they can deal with this knee-jerk reaction. Actually, protectionism usually has very little to do with the causes of the problems.Newspaper headline: Foreign reflection Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Beijing's women-only mosque blends Islam with Chinese traditionChinese teens born after 2000 more independent and open-minded about gaokaoTerrorism moving from Middle East to Southeast Asia, warns Chinese expert at Singapore forum Tough punishment creates respect between teens, lawUSC president to step downMemorial Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐