The rising number of female video game players in China is set to boost growth in the industry in the next few years. Statistics from a report published by global consulting firm PwC on Wednesday showed that China's video game industry will have a compound annual growth rate of 9.7 percent in the next five years, and revenues in the sector could swell to about $31 billion by the end of 2022 from $20 billion in 2017. The report also predicted that China will supersede South Korea to become the world's second-largest gaming market by the end of 2021, just behind the US. China's fast growth in the gaming industry has been prompted partly by growing interest among female players. According to data released by domestic gaming research center CNG in May, the female gaming market revenue in China reached about 43 billion yuan ($6.7 billion) in 2017, compared with 31.2 billion yuan in 2016 and 21.9 billion yuan in 2015, and such growth will continue in the next few years. A Yunnan local surnamed Zhou, a 20-something female, told the Global Times on Wednesday that recently she has been hooked on a mobile video game called Terminator 2, an action game developed by 163.com."I sometimes play the game for one or two hours when I have nothing else to do at home," she told the Global Times on Wednesday. She also said that about half of her female friends play video games nowadays. Frank Lin, TMT partner at PwC China, said that many domestic gaming companies are now interested in designing video games that particularly target female or male players, in order to explore different segments of the market, he told the Global Times on Wednesday. "I think the situation has something to do with the rising status of women in China," he said. There are a few female-targeted games that have achieved huge success in China in recent months, like love-simulation game Love and Producer and fashion game Miracle Nikki. Apart from video games, other entertainment areas in China are also growing fast. According to the PwC report, China's entertainment and media market, including internet advertising, e-sports, music and cinema, is on course to add $101 billion in revenues over the next five years. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Buddhist representatives in Tibet undergo training, urged to be politically reliableUS warships unwelcome in Taiwan StraitsChinese amputee Xia Boyu achieves life-long goal of climbing the world's highest peak Tough punishment creates respect between teens, lawUSC president to step downMemorial Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐