A little girl reads a book in Zuoanmen Turret Library. Photo: VCGThink about the last time you found yourself on a reading binge. If you were in a private space, you might have been on a cozy sofa with a warm blanket, a steaming cup of coffee on a small round table beside you. It might have been raining outside, like it was here in Beijing on August 11. However, despite the rain, a group of readers gathered inside a Dongcheng district public library to share their passion for traditional culture. The occasion was an interactive lecture organized by the library. Housed in a historical building, the public library shares a similar business model with the private entities sprouting up across the city. They carry with them dual mandates to preserve historical structures through gentle use and promote a love for the written word in the communities they live in. So far, they have been well-received, and if the attendance at this public lecture is anything to go by, they seem to be catching on.

A blackboard at the entrance of the library shows the schedule of activities. Photo: VCGOff the page"Crickets were seen as pests by our ancestors, who used cricket-like scripts to represent autumn. This is the original form of the standard character 'qiu,'" said Liu Libo, an art teacher devoted to traditional Chinese painting.After the talk, a seven-year-old girl surnamed Liu proudly presented her painting based on the day's topic."This is my work with a cricket and maple leaves," she said. "But how the character changed is really hard for me to understand."Although it was her first time lecturing at the library, Liu Libo was excited to share her knowledge with her young pupils."When you know the history of Chinese characters inside and out, you will fall in love with our characters. I hope my students can be impressed with the character 'qiu.'" Liu Libo told Metropolitan.The lecture is called Drawing Chinese Characters and is one of the most popular activities offered by the library. Opened to the public on October 28, 2017, the library offers a variety of activities that are geared towards teaching Chinese culture in fun and exciting ways. "Sometimes we hold lessons about how to make traditional Beijing snacks, like tanghulu (sugar-coated haws on a stick) for example," said Ma Ning, a staff member at the library.

A 7-year-old girl presents her painting which is based on the lecture about Chinese characters. Photo: Li Jieyi/GTOld structures, new useUpstairs the two-story structure is a tranquil space with various kinds of books displayed on bookshelves. The reading space is an oblong area surrounded by bookshelves. A man surnamed Han and his daughter sat on bamboo cushions, reading. He was reading The Walls and Gates of Peking."Beijing is a city with a rich history and interesting stories. So, I am always trying to gain a deeper understanding of it as a Beijinger," said Han, explaining his choice of book. Despite living in Beijing for around 40 years, he wants to learn more about the place he calls home.In Han's opinion, the ancient buildings in Beijing are a crucial part of the city's history. That's the reason he finds it refreshing to read in that particular library, which is inside a reconstructed turret. During the Ming Dynasty (1368-1644), the turret was for military use, but starting in the 1920s, it began to collapse. According to Ma, the turret was reconstructed, and upon completion last year, it became a modern library known as the Zuoanmen Turret Library. "You can read in this turret, touch it and feel it. That's the hallmark of this library," said Han.Li Yao, 23, and Gui Yuan, 24, are full-time employees at the library. They too are creating their own memories about Beijing by participating in the library's activities. "The readers, most of whom are old Beijingers, have taught us some elements of old Beijing through their dialect and slangs," said Li. In recent years, both public and private reading spaces have mushroomed across the city. "They are the right places for residents to do some reading and attend cultural activities, and their use as libraries is a way to protect these historical properties," said a 70-year-old surnamed Jiang.

Han and his daughter read history books in the library. Photo: Li Jieyi/GTPreserving memorySome private bookstores in ancient buildings are known for their antique books and reading events. The appearance of these libraries or bookstores is a part of the city's effort to protect the history and culture of the old city in Beijing, according to the full text of a general city plan for 2016 to 2035. The Beijing municipal government plans to support brick-and-mortar bookstores. It will hand out 50 million yuan ($7.46 million) in subsidies every year to help brick-and-mortar bookstores survive in downtown areas, according to the Xinhua News Agency.Although no single measure can solve the problem of how memory and history tend to fade in a city that is developing as quickly as Beijing, these libraries in historical places stand as constant reminders that efforts to preserve the intangible heritage of an ancient place can vastly improve the lives of present-day citizens.

After the lecture, participants take a group picture on the first floor of library. Photo: Li Jieyi/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐