I slept on and off for 17 hours and woke up to find a few messages from my new Afghanistan friends I said goodbye to 48 hours before.Since I was not around them that much, I figured I would not be that emotionally attached. However, the image of them waving goodbye until they couldn't be seen still haunts me. Sadness started to sink in.I didn't know much about Afghanistan before attending the seminar. The international media feeds me a single story, the theme of which is death. You hear it all the time - numbers of them die in a bomb here or an attack there. It is natural you numb yourself by assuming people are different there.However, the past 20 days opened my eyes to the other side of the story. My prior assumption was that they must be tough, bitter and closed-minded people with too many taboos. I would have to be careful not to offend them. I was, on the contrary, amazed to find how intelligent, understanding and funny they are. It was very easy to talk to them. No topic was off limits, and our conversation just flowed!I got tips on how to work smart, such as always being honest and looking for solutions instead of saying no first. I even started to see the point of some ideas the old me would have laughed off at, such as the idea that getting married at 18 years old contributes to a long-lasting marriage.What impressed me most is how happy and optimistic they are, despite all the odds. I found it incomprehensible at first. It made sense until someone said to me, "Lina, we can't stop living our lives just because a bomb might or might not drop on us."It occurred to me that people, no matter where they come from, are not much different.People from Afghanistan, just like any of us, are also made of flesh and blood, and they want the same things in life, which is to be loved, respected and valued and to live their lives to the fullest. All these things cannot be achieved without national stability. I sincerely hope in the near future Afghanistan could have the peace and stability its wonderful people deserve. It gives us all the more reason not to take for granted the peace we are enjoying now,   because it is what some people in the world could only dream of. What is there not to be happy about in our lives when we actually have so much more?This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why Myanmar is concerned about Chinese investmentChina grasps rare chance to solve its Catholic problem during a unique papacy Ubiquitous surveillance cameras in a Beijing district reduce crimes by nearly 40% Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐