Chinese singer Cai Xukun from Nine Percent Photo: IC

Eyebrow pencils, liquid foundation, facial masks and various beauty regimens… people usually associate these with women, yet a growing number of young men in China are proving that this association is not quite accurate.Recently a new Internet slang term jing zhu nan, or "exquisite piggy man," has sparked hot debate in China after several domestic media outlets featured a story about a young man in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province, who spends a considerable amount of time and money on skincare products and cosmetics. Similar to the term metrosexual in the West, jing zhu nan refers to men who take good care of their skin and appearance - a sharp contrast to the traditional masculine male image in Chinese society. The situation has inspired a fierce debate among Chinese netizens: Are men becoming more like women or is a new form of manhood quietly looming?Look good, feel good "Men should take care of themselves, including their body and skin. What is wrong with investing a bit in skincare and improving the way you look?" BBSOXO Wang, a 30-something who works in the creative industry and a typical representative of the "exquisite" group, told the Global Times. Wang started to pay close attention to skincare products and cosmetics while suffering from heavy acne in his early 20s. To prevent acne breakouts, he began using facial masks and creams and learning about different skincare regimens from his female friends. Seeing obvious improvements with his looks, Wang quickly became infatuated with skincare and cosmetic products. Various brands popular with women such as Estee Lauder and Channel became must-buys for him, including beauty and facial cleansing implements. After trying everything he wanted, Wang generally developed a selective skincare strategy that worked for him: two facial masks a day, a mixture of products used depending on the condition of his skin and makeup that he applies before heading out the door."Deep cleaning and moisturizing is a must. And it's important to take care of your skin on your body, not just the face," Wang said. The around 100 facial masks in his refrigerator hint at the 30,000 yuan ($4,392) on average that Wang spends on skincare annually. He also works out at the gym every day and pays close attention to his diet. Now an expert in skincare and makeup, Wang often discusses and exchanges ideas and experiences with his male friends. "A manicured look shows a man's respect for himself and others. It's an exquisite lifestyle," Wang stressed. Actually, Wang's lifestyle reflects that of many young men in China, especially the Post-1990 generation. According to the latest statistics released by VIPSHOP, a major online shopping platform in China, sales of beauty products in 2017 saw a dramatic growth of 66.7 percent over 2015 among men in their early 20s and younger, with facial masks being the most popular products. The popularity of blemish balm and lipsticks are also on the rise, with nearly 20 percent of young men purchasing them. Videos on social media and apps that teach men how to apply makeup are also increasing in number and popularity.  New normHowever, as this group continues growing, the public is becoming increasingly worried that the practice will bring about a loss of masculinity and twisted gender identities. Peng Xiaohui, the vice secretary-general of the World Association of Chinese Sexologists, told the Global Times that the changing male image in pop-culture and enhanced acceptance of diversity in modern society are the main forces driving the trend. "Look at those young entertainers and idols on TV, the way they look and dress themselves has a huge impact on the young," said Peng. For example, each time Cai Xukun, a key member of the popular boy band Nine Percent, makes an appearance, online lessons and posts analyzing his makeup quickly sprout up on Chinese social media, with many male fans calling the star a "beauty makeup master." Peng pointed out that mere practice of applying makeup and using skincare products has little to do with one's gender identity, yet he worries that this overly "exquisite" lifestyle might result in a more feminine personality. "The personality and character of young people is not fixed yet, and one's appearance and the practice of using makeup might be 'internalized' into their nature, and thus influence the way they act," said Peng, adding that the trend will not become mainstream over the short term, but could have a considerable impact over the long run. However, supporters of the exquisite group find experts' worries unnecessary. "What makes a man a man is his sense of responsibility and attitude toward life, not his looks," Wang said. Newspaper headline: Exquisite taste Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why Myanmar is concerned about Chinese investmentChina grasps rare chance to solve its Catholic problem during a unique papacy Ubiquitous surveillance cameras in a Beijing district reduce crimes by nearly 40% Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐