A sanitation worker takes out a free bottle of cold water from a shared fridge in Beijing. Photo: VCG  

Beijing Electric Power Company workers widen a road for the construction of electric power lines in Guozijian (the Imperial College). Photo: VCG  

The Beijing Xicheng District Gardening and Greening Bureau gives watermelons to Yuetan greening team workers to help them cool down in the hot weather. Photo: VCG  

Despite the scorching heat, these sentries at the Beijing West Railway Station stick to their post on August 1. Photo: VCG  

A food deliveryman drinks a bottle of cold water from a shared fridge near the Dongdaqiao subway station on Line 6. The refrigerator appeared in Beijing on July 26 to provide free drinks for outdoor workers. Photo: VCG  

Builders, some of them shirtless, reinforce an old residential building in the Hepingli community, Dongcheng district in the heat. Photo: VCGWith 15 hot and humid days from June to August, this summer has already broken Beijing's record for the most number of hot days surpassing 35 C since 2001, according to the National Meteorological Agency. The scorching summer makes a 10-minute walk outdoors torture. However, even in such hot weather, a group of people still stick to their posts, bringing convenience and coolness to others. Police officers, sanitation workers, builders and deliverymen endure the heat to carry out public service, earning them the nickname "heroes in the sun" among locals.Wang Yuepeng is one of them. An employee of the State Grid Beijing Electric Power Company, Wang often have to work outside, especially on those super hot days when the demand for electricity increases. Wang wears a rubber suit that protects him from getting electrocuted on the job, but in the summer his protective suit carries a risk - heatstroke. The temperature in the suits can climb to as high as 60 C. Though Wang and his workmates can rest every hour, they sometimes suffer from heatstroke."Once, a 53-year-old worker had a heatstroke. When he climbed down from the transformer, he was so weak and pale with sweat dripping from his clothes," Wang told qianlong.com. According to the Beijing Electric Power Company, the long heat wave has pushed the demand for electricity upward in Beijing, setting a new record this year. The increasing demand has put a heavy burden on the electricity grid. So, to ensure the stability and meet people's demand for electricity, the company has arranged more people to work on the grid. If there is an emergency, they can pinpoint it and start working to fix the problem almost immediately, he said.Like Wang Yuepeng, many people have to work in the burning sun during the summer. Qin Shuai, a food deliveryman in the Wangfujing area, is accustomed to working in such hot weather. "I shaved my head bald to be cooler," Qin told the Beijing Morning Post. Every day he takes a big bottle of water, a wet towel and some medicine with him to work in case of heatstroke. Lunchtime is peak food delivery time. It is also perhaps the hottest time of the day with temperatures at nearly 40 C outside. Qin bears the sweltering heat to deliver nearly 60 lunch orders daily. It is a relatively large number of orders for a roughly one- to two-hour window. However, Qin doesn't feel satisfied and wants to deliver more. "I just came back from my hometown. Our new house needs decoration, and my wife is pregnant. Everything requires money," Qin told the Beijing Morning Post.Although the weather is hot, when someone gives him a helping hand, Qin always feels happy and proud to work as a deliveryman. "Some small restaurants give us a place to rest and cool down. Also, seeing me sweat all over, some people often hand me some tissue or a bottle of water," he said. "These good people make me feel much cooler." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China to require patriotism education for intellectuals Kudlow should understand China's firm willReorienting Europe in a changing world Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐