Several corruption cases involving senior officials from discipline inspection departments have attracted public attention, with experts saying that a cleaner and more loyal group of discipline inspection officials should be selected through a strict process to promote the institutionalization of the anti-graft drive.
Liu Jun, the former deputy secretary of the discipline inspection commission of the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, was sentenced to nine years in jail for accepting bribes worth more than 20 million yuan ($2.9 million), Capital News, a WeChat account affiliated with the Beijing Daily, reported on Thursday.
Liu was the first senior official from the discipline inspection department in the corps arrested for corruption. He had occupied many important positions in the past 20 years in the commission.The Second Intermediate People's Court in Beijing heard on Tuesday the corruption case of Zhang Huawei, a vice-ministerial level official from the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) inspection team, cctv.com reported.Zhang was accused of receiving bribes worth more than 32 million yuan from 2006 to 2014, and  that those who bribed him requested promotions and help with investigations on cases.The Commission for Discipline Inspection in Northwest China's Shaanxi Province announced on its website on Monday that Hu Chuanxiang, former director of the commission's anti-corruption office was under investigation for allegedly violating laws and disciplines.
"Recent revelations of corrupt officials from discipline inspection organs show that China's anti-corruption drive remains high-handed and that it's necessary to put power, including discipline inspection power, into the cage," Zhuang Deshui, deputy director of the Research Center for Government Integrity-Building at Peking University, told the Global Times on Thursday."It is ironic that an official who works in the anti-corruption department receives bribes… all cases prove that the discipline inspection departments are not a safe box and officials working in the departments are not immune from corruption. They should behave in accordance with higher standards and accept stricter supervision," Capital News commented.
Zhuang said officials working in discipline inspection departments should be selected through a stricter process and should also strengthen self-education.
"More regulations should further supervise these officials, especially after work, as well as possible violations of their spouse and relatives. And those who have left the discipline inspection system should also be supervised," Zhuang said.
"As the anti-corruption drive has entered a crucial phase, discipline inspection organs are also under public scrutiny, and need to remove corrupt officials who may affect the organs' credibility. Only through a group of clean and loyal officials in the system can we promote a more reliable and effective anti-corruption mechanism," Zhuang said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-US strength gap remains: expertsReligion needs to be governed by lawIndo-Pacific strategy more a geopolitical military alliance Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐