An article run by the Chinese edition of the BBC claims that the ban on face-coverings in a certain number of countries across Europe serves as an excuse for the Chinese government to justify its "repressive" policies on the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.The article went further by listing the European countries that have banned some extreme religious veils and robes. Although extreme conservative costume does not directly lead to extremism, the spread of extremism is undeniably associated with the trend that some religious costumes are turning extreme conservative. This is exactly where the worries of mainstream European society stem from. While the article should have been about finding a solution to the spread of extremism on European soil, it took a U-turn by pointing its finger at China.This BBC article is the epitome of the Western mind-set toward China. Now the West seems to be indulged in a vicious circle: It deems whatever China says or does as wrong and denounces China in every possible way.While the Western media hails freedom of speech, it also leaves ample room for biased reporting. When analyzing Chinese policies, Western media do not look at the background and try to understand the logic behind Chinese governance. Rather, they let partiality and an outdated mentality dominate their reporting.In terms of China's Xinjiang policies, social stability and cohesion of the region are the top priorities of the central government. The peace and stability that Xinjiang and its people are now enjoying should be attributed to regulations of high intensity, and this is a phase that this northwestern region has to go through before normal governance can be enacted.As for Europe which is grappling with terrorism and extremism resulting from an influx of immigrants, the Western media should help find a way to stem the spread of extreme religious ideas instead of bothering about whether it can serve as China's "excuse" for its own policies.The China-through-a-Western-lens is an incomplete, one-sided and defective approach. Western media see a quite different China from the real China. Such an image of China may exist in the Western media sphere for a long time, as the West needs it to cling to its sense of superiority. Sadly, such unwarranted pride will prevent the West from understanding the real China. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China, US restart trade talksLook at China-Turkey ties objectivelyChina's development discourse draws applause abroad Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐