Illustration: Lu Ting/GT
Right now, children all over the world are enjoying their summer holidays. But in France, summer holiday is not just for school children. Actually, it's a required tradition for French people to take some time off in summer. When I lived in Shanghai, every time my French husband told me how French people have long holidays in summer, I would roll my eyes and shake my head in disbelief. Now that I live in France, I can see for myself how French people are enjoying themselves in summer. From July to August, they take three to four weeks off from a total of five weeks of annual leave. In a company, employees take turns to have holiday in summer. Shops and restaurants, apart from department stores and chain stores, also close for a period of time in the summer. They put a notice on the door when they will be open for business again and depart.So in summer, Paris becomes empty and quiet, like Shanghai during the Chinese New Year.In Shanghai, taking a month of holiday in summer is rather unimaginable. Of course some people will take some time off in summer, especially those with children so that the whole family can travel together. But holidays for Shanghai parents are usually limited to about five to 10 workdays. The ways of spending their holiday time are also vastly different between Shanghai and Paris.Chinese people like to cover as many tourist spots as possible when they have a holiday. One reason for this is because they have a very limited number of holidays, so they want to make the most out of each day. Spending a holiday with a Chinese tour group can be more tiring than going to work!French people, on the other hand, like to take things slow. They usually stay at a family's or friend's house for the whole holiday. During the holiday they go to the beach (France has the most beaches in Europe) and visit some places around the area in the daytime. The evening starts with an apéro (alcohol served before a meal as an appetizer) and barbeque.In July, my family and I spent a nice holiday in southwestern France, staying at a family holiday house, following the standard French holiday outline that I have described. I told my mum about our trip in the countryside, and she asked me, "Don't you feel bored?"Another difference is how French couples like to have fun without their children. Doting Shanghai parents never let their children out of their sight. But "me time" is very important for French parents. When the summer holiday starts, a French couple will leave their children with the grandparents for a week while they have fun somewhere else. A week later, they pick up the children, and the whole family goes somewhere else.People who have low-income jobs in China have to work all summer, but those in France can still have holidays in the summer on the cheap. They can go camping, have cheap sausages and cheap beer.Many affluent Chinese families travel abroad every summer with their children. In France, most people spend the summer holiday within the country. Only the very rich families can afford going abroad, although traveling abroad is getting more popular now. The required paid holiday period in China is five to 15 days, depending on the total number of work years, but only about 50 percent of employees can enjoy their paid leave. France is at the forefront of the number of paid annual leave. A law in 1936 allowed everyone to have two weeks of paid holiday, which was increased to five weeks nowadays, even for low-paying jobs. There's also the infamous 35-hour work week in France, but this law doesn't mean people only work for 35 hours a week. In fact, those who work for more than 35 hours get more time-off, so this makes some French people's already long holidays even longer!The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐