Approximately two dozen white nationalists attended the Unite the Right 2 rally in Washington on Sunday to mark the anniversary of the Charlottesville riots that left one person dead and unveiled the wide racial clefts in American society. The white supremacists were outnumbered by counterprotesters who mustered as part of demonstrations led by members of 40 anti-racism groups.Dwarfing white supremacists at this particular moment showed Americans' willingness and capacity for self-correction. But this was unable to bury the heightened racism and discrimination in the country or the US administration's ambiguity about it. Hate is not waning. US President Donald Trump, who tried to muddle through the chaos after Charlottesville riots, said obscurely last year that there were "very fine people" on both sides of the conflict, triggering worldwide criticism. He seems to have drawn a lesson. He tweeted on Saturday that the Charlottesville riots resulted in "senseless death and division" and condemned "all types of racism and acts of violence."Ironically, it is also the president that said last week "almost every student" that came to study in American universities was a spy, hinting at China. Outraged, Chinese students in the US and Chinese-Americans have lodged a petition on the White House website urging Trump to clarify and apologize. Terry McAuliffe, former governor of Virginia, told CNN on Sunday that the president failed to show moral leadership over the Charlottesville riots. He is right in this respect. According to the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism, hate crimes in the 10 largest American cities went up 12.46 percent last year, the highest in more than a decade. Trump was elected to the presidency by a voter base mainly composed of populists and white supremacists. And there have been ominous signs about rising populism in the US and beyond. Yet a Financial Times commentary earlier this month drew a worrying conclusion that we haven't reached the peak of populism. In some developed Western countries, populism is combining with extreme nationalist sentiment, for example, the Brexit movement of Britain and the anti-Muslim stance taken by far-right Front National of France. This rising sentiment appears to be nationalist, but it also has a strong populist feature. One year on, the Charlottesville clashes again remind people in the US and around the world what risks are imminent for us. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangFilm lifts the veil on Japanese social illsHandling ungranted expansion of religious structures needs caution, wisdom Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐