A few weeks ago, I went to Shanghai with a good friend of mine. On our way back to Beijing, my friend sat next to a girl, and they immediately started hitting it off. What I noticed was that my friend never mentioned his girlfriend he lives with. He only revealed that he had a girlfriend when we arrived at the destination and the girl asked him for his number. To me, it was an embarrassing situation, and I felt bad for the girl and my friend's girlfriend.The way my friend behaved is known as micro-cheating - all the little things one might think aren't naughty but can be. In other words, it is cheating but only a bit. And therein is the dilemma - if it can include sublet actions, how can we define micro-cheating?Additionally, our modern world with its dating apps and social media makes things a lot more complicated. Before the internet, micro-cheating might have been the sneaky removal of a wedding ring before one visits a bar, but in the digital age, it's easier than ever to signal to someone that you are available. Micro-cheating is not a new phenomenon in itself, it has just gotten a lot easier.Micro-cheating does not have to include actual cheating, but it is rather a behavior that could spark infidelity. Texting back and forth with your ex isn't necessarily wrong, but if you hide this contact from your current partner, it is considered micro-cheating. A much more obvious case of micro-cheating is not deleting one's profile on dating apps and even occasionally checking them, despite being in a relationship. My friend's girlfriend didn't think much of the incident with the girl on the train. She referred to a German saying that "he can get his appetite somewhere else, as long as he knows that he can only eat at home." She said it is important not to overthink every action and movement of your partner, so she simply trusts him and believes that his actions are not meant to harm her or their relationship."I guess the question of whether micro-cheating is wrong or not depends on the individual relationship and the situations themselves," she said. She also told me that sometimes she finds herself in a situation where she was talking to someone and realized later she was flirting. However, she does not feel bad about it because she believes everyone finds themselves in a similar situation once in a while.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China to require patriotism education for intellectuals Kudlow should understand China's firm willReorienting Europe in a changing world Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐