Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTRelationships have been a topic of interest  for a long time, and as someone born in the 1980s, I think I can speak for most of my generation. Looking back, our parents wouldn't let us have a significant other before we entered college, but would crank up the pressure after we entered college. If you didn't have a significant other after graduating, then our parents would go into high gear by setting up blind dates.This summer, I got to see a more relaxed attitude towards relationships while chaperoning a group of 50 students at a summer program in the US. They were mostly undergraduates, with ages ranging from 18 to 21. I was astonished at how brave, forward and open these undergraduates were towards their romantic relationships.Right off the bat, I was visited by at least one boy asking me for a girl's WeChat number. By the end of the first week, I was more like a matchmaker than the chaperone of our group. I was impressed with their "just go for it" attitude. Back in our day, I think things were a little too subtle. I remember boys would talk to me about everything but romance and I would actually believe they only wanted to talk. Halfway through the program, you could start to see new couples emerging from the big group and they were like conjoined babies and did everything together. It was even astonishing to see that these couples would only last a day or two. Back in our day, to have two boyfriends or girlfriends at the same time is called cheating. But I guess things aren't the same for this new generation. Many of them who had a significant other back in China would not hesitate at having a temporary mate during the camp. I wondered what they would do if they got married. Would they continue this behavior?And it was very interesting to observe some players in our group. They liked to hit on everybody. Monday, it's Shannon. Tuesday, it's Jane. Wednesday, it's Vivian. They never got tired of chasing girls. Once they were sure the girl would fall for them, they would leave and hit on a new one, and the girls actually liked this type. We also had this type of boy, but it wasn't as rampant. The girls were more than happy to flirt back and play along. In Chinese, we call this type an air-conditioner meaning they air-condition every person in the room. Maybe the weather was too hot, everyone felt the need to get the air-conditioning.And the attitude towards sex was quite open as well. To my knowledge, anyone who had a significant other had lost their virginity. Most of them lost their virginity in the summer between high school and college, some as early as high school. By experiencing it all when you are young, it is more likely that you will enter marriage with no regrets. When my children reach that age, I think all I can say to them is use protection. Protect yourself while having fun and don't forget to keep a high GPA. That's all I'll ever ask.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Look at China-Turkey ties objectivelyFair understanding of Belt and Road initiativeXi requires strengthening CPC leadership, Party building in military Antibiotic misuse becoming worldwide growing concernFirefighters gain on blazes Demonstration How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐