Chinese actor Lu Han Photo: IC

A man works out at a gym in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province. Photo: IC
Three years ago, a BBC documentary that explored Chinese educational methodologies, Are Our Kids Tough Enough? Chinese School, sparked debate in the UK. Now a new slang term that describes changes in modern men's lifestyles has caused people in China to ask: Are our men manly enough? A new internet slang term "exquisite piggy men" (jing zhu nan) has recently gone viral online. The word "piggy" comes from the popular British cartoon series Peppa Pig and is used to refer to young girls who are cute and adorable. The new term, however, is being used to describe the growing number of young Chinese men who spend a great amount of time and money on maintaining their appearance with skin care regimens and the use of cosmetics.However, this trend has become a sticking point for people belonging to different generations, with young Chinese cheering it on while older generations furrow their brows. Some middle-aged and older Chinese have even taken the stance that this challenge to traditional masculinity is a potential threat to the nation's future.Pretty men preferred "Imagine two men: one masculine and grubby, the other gentle and well-dressed; which one would you pick? I'd definitely go with the latter," a 20-something woman surnamed Zhang told the Global Times. Zhang's boyfriend Li is one of these "exquisite men." According to Zhang, Li has been using skincare products for years and has even developed his own skincare and cosmetics techniques. For important social occasions, Li also applies light makeup. After a busy day working, the couple often relax by chatting on the sofa as their facial masks moisturize their skin. Li is also very particular about ensuring his clothing matches and sometimes even gives Zhang fashion tips that she finds very "useful." "He lives an exquisite life and takes good care of me and himself. I see nothing wrong with that," Zhang said. The shared hobby of appearance management brings joy to the couple and shopping together in tax-free zones for big brands' cosmetics and skin care products is considered some of their "happiest moments." Zhang and Li's lives reflect the attitudes and lifestyles of many of today's young people in China, especially those that belong to the Post-1990 generation. Recent data from VIPSHOP, a major online shopping platform in China, show a dramatic increase in beauty product consumption among men in their early 20s. On popular lifestyle-sharing app Red (Xiao Hong Shu), which was previously dominated by women sharing their beauty product and skin care experiences, there are more than 80,000 posts written for men and the number continues to grow. However, the trend seems to be challenging the traditional image of men in China, and many Chinese above 50 find it difficult to accept. The voice of criticism has recently been growing louder.  "A man should act like a man. They should be masculine, strong and tough, because at the end of the day, they need to be fathers and husbands that carry the entire family and even guard the country, instead of being fragile pretty boys," Yu, a 50-something father of two boys, told the Global Times. Yu lamented that he worries the younger generation might become the "broken generation" someday. Yu's is not the only one to feel this way. Voices calling for the protection of traditional manhood have been on the rise for years. In 2016, the primary textbook Little Men, specially written for boys, was used in schools in Shanghai to develop students' masculinity. "Boy classes" are also being organized in multiple cities in China with tailor-made lessons, such as father-son modules, being taught. Peng Xiaohui, the vice secretary-general of the World Association of Chinese Sexologists, pointed out that although the practice of this "exquisite lifestyle" has little to do with one's gender identity, it can result in more feminine personalities and if this sub-culture becomes mainstream, the loss of masculinity would diminish the nation's strength, thus creating a potential risk to national security. Different environmentsRisky or not, the trend is, however, inevitable in modern society, experts say. "A genderless society where traditional gender stereotypes are gradually replaced by diversified values and lifestyles is the trend and is also an indicator of social progress," renowned Chinese sexologist and sociologist Li Yinhe told the Global Times. According to Li, three main factors are contributing to the trend: economic growth and improved consumption power, advancement of gender equality and the objectification of men. "For thousands of years, women have been aesthetic objects while men were the subjects who judged and determined the value of the former; yet now men are becoming the objects, which explains why they are paying increasing attention to their appearance," Li said. Newspaper headline: Man enough? Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Naysayers raise debt trap bogey to derail Tsinghua alumni call for firing of prominent economistRussian newspaper aids Western propaganda efforts Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐