The South African rand fell steeply over the weekend, as Turkey's lira crisis matters outside the Middle East's largest economy. My initial thought on this, however, was that Starbucks drinks will become even cheaper in Johannesburg. During my short stay in South Africa's largest city in July while covering the 10th BRICS summit, I was impressed with the metropolis' tidiness and vibrancy, albeit that was mixed with safety concerns. Despite being one of the wealthiest cities in Africa, Johannesburg is challenged by wealth gaps and high unemployment. Consequently, I didn't feel entirely safe going out on my own, especially during evenings. However, I bathed in happiness when enjoying Starbucks coffee at half the price I would have paid in Beijing. The falling rand now certainly allows for even deeper discounts. The beautiful city scenery, cheap Starbucks and Haagen-Dazs, and villas going for just a portion of the price of an apartment in Beijing, should render Johannesburg a fairly livable city, if only crime rates decreased. Before visiting the city, I spent a few days in Abu Dhabi and Dubai on the first leg of my Africa-Arab trip, where I was overwhelmed by the extreme heat outdoors but super cool air indoors. Compared with African cities I visited thereafter, the two UAE cities appeared a lot more regulated, judging from the taxi services at least. While I had to mostly negotiate with cabbies in Dakar and Port Louis, it was much easier to find metered taxies in the UAE. Amid my first visit to Africa, it is fair to say what baffled me most was the variety of currencies used in different countries. Since my connection in Casablanca, I had used four African currencies, which served to satisfy my currency collection hobby but cost me a bit of a headache. I couldn't help imagining the possibility of a unified African currency. Besides this concern, I was also disappointed to find that the three pieces of clothing I bought for a total of $60 at a marketplace in Dakar were of poor quality, as the beach style trousers were easily worn out.Further frustration came as my flight to Johannesburg was delayed due to mechanical issues, forcing me to stay in the West African city for another day. However, considerate hotel and food arrangements outstripped arrangements made by Chinese airlines in similar circumstances, which made me feel better. And most impressively, local passengers waited patiently and peacefully, indicating some simple happiness. Meanwhile, one Chinese passenger shared with me that he was grateful that he had bought an apartment in Nanjing, capital of East China's Jiangsu Province, on a mortgage a few years ago before the city's home prices surged to unaffordable levels. Newspaper headline: Mixed feelings on African tour Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐