Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTFrom time to time, I feel like someone's been stealing money from my bank account.There are times when I receive a credit card bill that is definitely bigger than I could imagine. I am so sure that something's wrong with it that I check my billing details item by item, only to find that every single transaction was made by no one other than myself.I had to adopt a six-month installment plan last month and narrowly turned to another installment plan this month if it were not for a timely transfer of my mid-year bonus.Not long ago, a joke about "a girl's financial freedom" swept the internet. As it goes, there are five stages of a girl's financial freedom:Stage 1 - Cherry freedom: You can buy cherries whenever you want.Stage 2 - Lipstick freedom: You can buy whichever shade or even the complete collection of lip colors.Stage 3 - Hotel freedom: You can stay in whatever hotel with no limit to the budget.Stage 4 - Luxury bag freedom: You don't have to save money for luxury bags. Stage 5 - Real estate freedom: You buy houses at the whim of your mood.Living on my own without paying rent, a car payment or for a pet, I am living quite well off and could even save. I should have reached the "lipstick freedom" stage, if not the "hotel freedom" stage. But here I am, having to use the bus and metro in daily transportation, buying a maximum of two new garments a month, cutting out snacks and not going on vacation, yet I am still struggling to make ends meet.Where on earth is all my money going? I found some articles about budget leaks really inspiring. I tracked my payment record and divided them into categories like clothing, food, shelter and transportation, health and beauty, leisure and entertainment, social and so on, then marked if it was mandatory or discretionary. Not surprisingly, there are leaks in every category. For example, I spend around 2,500 yuan ($373) a month on meals, treating guests and eating out with friends. I sometimes grab breakfast from Starbucks and order take-out for dinner. Food expense is both mandatory and discretionary because even if I cook at home, the price of vegetables, meat and fruit are higher than I thought. There is also a rise in gas, water and electricity fees as it gets hotter and hotter. On items that seems mandatory, I spend more than the reasonable price. I pay 400 yuan for a haircut every two months, 150 yuan for eyebrow shaping and 2,000 yuan for a laser facial every month. Prepaid memberships to a gym, spa and traditional Chinese massage and therapy cost more than one month's salary each. Using my cell phone I make the transactions without feeling any pain of paying with cash or credit card. After a large purchase, the bank sends me a notification to apply for a line of credit. It seems our society is happy to help you afford all the overpriced indulgence, and my willpower is too weak to resist the temptation.Hopefully, I can mend my ways, but I believe that my behavior is just reflective of this age of consumerism.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China to require patriotism education for intellectuals Kudlow should understand China's firm willReorienting Europe in a changing world Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐