A disease control staff member sprays disinfectant on Saturday in a residential area of Jitai, one of the worst-hit areas of Shouguang. Photo: Hu Yuwei/GT 
There were no signs of any epidemic and rescues were continuing in Shouguang, officials said on Sunday, a week after floods killed at least 13 people in the East China city.About 25,000 dead pigs have been safely disposed of and there were no signs of an epidemic after handling the pig problem, a publicity department official of Shouguang, Shandong Province, told the Global Times. He asked not to be named.Eight thousand epidemic prevention officials have been involved in treating and disinfecting drowned animals including poultry across the city, the official said.Water is like the deep end of a swimming pool - almost 3 meters deep - in the lowlands of Shouguang a week after the city was flooded by the overflowing Mihe River as a result of three upstream reservoirs discharging water brought on by Typhoon Rumbia. Three people remain missing. The floods forced the relocation of hundreds of thousands of people and caused at least 9.2 billion yuan in property damage.Dead chickens and ducks have begun to decompose in the waterlogged city and its environs, lending the village of Kouzi, north of Shouguang, a pungent aroma. 

The vegetable greenhouses in Jitai, Shouguang are submerged in floodwaters nearly 3 meters deep on Saturday. Photo: Hu Yuwei/GT 
The vegetable greenhouses in Jitai have been flooded more than six days, villagers told the Global Times. China's biggest producer of vegetables, Shouguang is home to the country's biggest vegetable wholesale market.Each of the collapsed greenhouses may cost 100,000 to 200,000 yuan to repair, not including crop losses.Villagers have been laying pipelines to drain water from their vegetables in addition to waiting for an official rescue. Main roads have been blocked off to allow villagers to lay out and dry their crops.Vegetable prices and supply remain stable despite the recent flooding, a Shouguang official told the Global Times on Sunday.Disaster payments will follow emergency flood relief efforts, the official said. He asked not to be named. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China, US restart trade talksLook at China-Turkey ties objectivelyChina's development discourse draws applause abroad Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐