The Communist Party of China (CPC) has strengthened the core status of General Secretary Xi Jinping, members' loyalty and strict Party governance in its newly revised disciplinary action, a move observers believe will fortify the Party's leadership in complex domestic and international situations. The CPC Central Committee published the revised regulations on CPC disciplinary action on Sunday. The regulations fully implement Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era and the spirit of the 19th CPC National Congress, the Xinhua News Agency reported Sunday. Tightening political discipline and rules, the regulations aim at resolutely upholding the core status of General Secretary Xi in the CPC Central Committee and the entire Party, and upholding the authority of the CPC Central Committee and its centralized, unified leadership, the circular said.Su Wei, a professor at the Party School of the CPC Chongqing Municipal Committee, noted that the regulations highlighted the core status of General Secretary Xi to ensure the Party could better lead the people to fulfill missions. The regulations released Sunday were a revised version of regulations introduced in October 2015, with 11 new clauses and 65 amended clauses. Most of the new clauses are about punishments for political indiscipline, especially disloyalty to the Party's central committee, and corrupt behavior. Those who spread political rumors, smear the image of heroes, behave disloyally to the Party or use religious activities to sabotage ethnic unity would be expelled from the Party, read the clauses. Those who disagree with the Party on major principles and those who cause harmful consequences with their words and deeds will be warned, and in severe cases be expelled from the Party, reads a new clause.The revision also points out that Party officials who fail to forcefully implement policies from the central level will be punished.The regulations also introduced a clause that metes out punishment for Party members who follow a religion. Party officials who are religious may distort policies, Su said.  The revised regulations also stressed the fight against corruption. The Party detailed punishments for corruption in financial activities, poverty alleviation and activities that belong to the "four forms of decadence" - formalism, bureaucratism, hedonism and extravagance.Those who pursue a large profit through private lending or involve themselves in stock transactions using information acquired through work will be expelled from the CPC in severe circumstances. Those who exploit government resources for personal gain or seek profit or advantage for their friends or relatives in the allocation of poverty-alleviation funds would in severe circumstances receive the same punishment.The "four forms of decadence" in the past have evolved new forms that are more obscure, Su said. It was therefore significant to further tighten efforts in fighting all forms of corruption, he said. Newspaper headline: Party revises discipline regulations Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Sea trials pave way for China's aircraft carrier battle group: analystsIndia's national carrier dismisses notification about company's closure as fake messageUS absurd to link trade with denuclearization Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐