Illustration: Lu Ting/GT
In today's world, the chance of finding love on any given day is reported to be just 1 in 562, according to a 2017 article in the Daily Mail. Similarly, a new saying popular on Chinese social media claims that the probability of falling in love with someone is only 0.000049. These figures seemingly have proved what the Global Times Metro Shanghai freelancer Sabrina Samra wrote in her recent article "Why is it so difficult to find a husband in Shanghai?" In her opinion piece, she sighed that Shanghai is too big and people here are too busy to find a partner. Is that true? Probably not. Even though local news occasionally covers stories about droves of anxious Shanghainese parents gathering at the matchmaking corner in People's Park every weekend to find a spouse for their adult child, the facts is that 82.7 percent of all Shanghai residents get married before 30, according to a 2017 Shanghai Observer report.One of the reasons that Samra feels it is difficult to find a spouse in Shanghai is that the city is too vast. "Some areas out in the suburbs are so distant and sparsely populated that it's almost as if you are no longer in Shanghai," she wrote.This 6,430-square-kilometer metropolis is indeed large, as it takes an average of 43 minutes to commute every workday. But if Samra can suffer long commutes, heavy congestion and crowded buses to her "faraway" workplace five days a week, why is it so hard for her to sacrifice the same amount of time and distance for her to go on a date or to a bar or party on weekends?Also, thanks to the large population, Shanghai actually has more opportunities to meet new people here, as opposed to living in a smaller city, which brings us a statistically higher possibility of finding our soul mate.In my hometown of Shaoyang, a small city in Central China's Hunan Province, the situation is totally different. "Shaoyang is too small, and many young people have left for bigger cities to work or study," one of my friends once grumbled. "It's not easy to find a single, matchable man here. I have so few choices."This same complaint would never be heard in Shanghai, where unmarried men and women from all over China and even the world are ready, willing and able to go on a date. And yet, another reason that Samra cites is "everyone is so busy." Surely, working long days is common in Shanghai, but the city itself is so young, diverse and convenient that venues and opportunities abound for everyone and anyone to meet a potential partner. This city's numerous online and offline blind dating events, for instance, are ideal for working-class men and women. I myself joined a matchmaking event in 2014, where I met dozens of single men of marriageable age within only two hours.The third reason that Samra said made it difficult to find a husband in Shanghai is that people's standards for an ideal partner are quite high. But what's wrong with that? Isn't it good to have requirements for your future life partner? Taking this concern into consideration, I would instead praise Shanghai's sophisticated social atmosphere for singletons. In China's less-developed areas, young people are usually pushed into marriage right after graduation, and with people they might not like.With relatively less social and family pressure to get married and give birth, singletons in Shanghai are able to take the necessary time to meet, know and choose their "true love," which will definitely benefit their future lives together.To get married or not is a very personal choice. In a single-friendly city like Shanghai, you can enjoy a happy "relationship" with the city's abundance of cultural events, online-to-offline (o2o) services including e-shopping, food delivery apps, or just spending your weekends playing on your phone, which is much more relaxing than raising a kid!But for those who are keen on getting hitched, I would suggest beginning with the most basic, time-honored method: meeting more people. And in a city of 24.2 million, it shouldn't be too hard.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Egypt approves law tightening cyber securityTen misunderstandings about AfricaIran says US 'action group' won't overthrow Iranian state Antibiotic misuse becoming worldwide growing concernFirefighters gain on blazes Demonstration How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐