Despite China not qualifying for the World Cup 2018, the games have shown us one thing - Chinese are really into it. Chinese make up the second-largest fan base after Russians. Walking along Beijing streets, you can hardly miss seeing bars filled with international flags hanging from ceilings and TVs screening games late into the night. Well, football in China is a thing, but does such a thing as women's football in China even exist? As I got to know, it does exist, and it's actually on the rise!To learn more about the current state of the female football scene in the capital, I spoke to Valentina from Italy who plays for an international team in Beijing. Together with women from the US, England, South Africa, France, Spain and other countries, she trains at the Canadian International School under the supervision of an English female coach. Valentina came to Beijing five years ago to study at a university, and curiously enough, this is where she started playing football. "I wanted to improve my Chinese, so I decided to join the university team. I know this is the best way of connecting with people and learning the language," she said. Are there any challenges for female players in Beijing?"The problem is that in Beijing there are only five or six female teams," she said. As the community is quiet small and there is no league, they often play against their male counterparts.It seems that Chinese girls perhaps do not have many opportunities to get into sports. Physical education classes are often substituted for mathematics. Football in China is not seen as a source of social skills and teamwork improvement. Valentina recalls how she would often watch football games and have fun with friends back home. "It's in our blood; we have a passion to play," she said. China's national women's team is a proof that women's football in China is not only on the rise but is doing great. The team has, after beating Thailand and the Philippines, automatically qualified for next year's World Cup finals. Valentina works for a PR company. In her free time, you can most likely find her and her friends playing football in one of Beijing's parks. Seeing girls having fun playing football is certainly an effective way to raise awareness of the female football scene.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-US strength gap remains: expertsReligion needs to be governed by lawIndo-Pacific strategy more a geopolitical military alliance Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐