NASDAQ-listed iRobot said it is a global company and the Chinese market is very important, although that tariffs imposed by the Trump administration on Chinese imports may disrupt the supply chain of the global robotics sector. After two years of operations in China, the company has three research and development (R&D) centers globally, two in the US and one in Guangzhou, South China's Guangdong Province. "We are a committed business in China - not only just sales and marketing but also innovation," Hajime Hikino, vice president and general manager of iRobot Asia Pacific, told the Global Times on Wednesday. As Guangzhou is close to the manufacturing site, it also has great engineers there, Hikino said, adding that its R&D centers have different focuses. For example, the center in Bedford, Massachusetts, aims at system-level design and development, while the one in California works on software-focused technologies such as computing vision and navigation."In Guangzhou, it's a center of excellence reducing all of the other system work and software work to practice in physical products," Chris Jones, iRobot's vice president of technology, told the Global Times. The US company contracts production work to some original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) in the province, and then sell its services robot product - a robotic vacuum - to other markets including the US. Under the ongoing tit-for-tat trade disputes between China and the US, the Trump administration included industrial robots into the first set of tariff list published on April 6, which covers about $34 billion worth of imports from China. "So far, it's not very clear, we know there are some potential risks there," Kelly Zhang, general manager of iRobot China, told the Global Times. She also noted that the business is operating as usual, and as the Chinese market is important, iRobot will continue to invest in both the R&D and commercial sides.  "Foreign companies invest in China's robotics sector as they hold bullish views on the market's growth, and they build factories here, which are much closer to their customers," Zhang Jingbin, research director for IDC Worldwide Robotics, told the Global Times. China accounts for a significant share of the Asia-Pacific robotics market, which includes drones, and its spending on robotics is expected to reach $77 billion, representing 61 percent of Asia-Pacific (excluding Japan) total spending in 2022.China's recent slowdown in robot production is a short-term situation, which was not obviously caused by increased tariffs by the US, Cong Liang, spokesperson at the National Development and Reform Commission, told a press briefing on Wednesday. Newspaper headline: US robotics firm values Chinese market despite trade row Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐