Suzy Walsham celebrates winning her race in 11 minutes, 28 seconds at the China World Summit Wing on Saturday. Photo: Li Hao/GT  

Mark Bourne crosses the finish line in 10 minutes, 9 seconds to become champion at China World Trade Center Tower III on Saturday. Photo: Li Hao/GT  

Medals for all finishers Photo: Li Hao/GT  

Elite runners take a group photo after the race at the Summit Wing on Saturday. Photo: Li Hao/GT  

Runners climb the stairs inside China World Trade Center Tower III. Photo: Li Hao/GT  

The amateur race steps off. Only 2,041 stairs to go. Photo: Li Hao/GTThe last 20 floors are the hardest, said Suzy Walsham."You're starting to get really tired," Walsham says. "You know you are close, but you know you are not quite there, so you have to stay focused."Walsham is the female champion of an unusual kind of race up the 330-meter China World Trade Center Tower III, the skyscraper on the northwest corner of the China World Trade Center complex in Beijing Central Business District.More than 700 runners from 28 countries aged 18 to 62 climb 2,041 stairs of an 82-storey building to the rooftop on Saturday. Walsham, 44, finished in 11 minutes, 28 seconds. Australian compatriot Mark Bourne won the overall race in 10:09. China World Trade Center Tower III, the tallest completed skyscraper in Beijing, hosted the fifth leg of this year's race series. Launched in 2009, the 2018 Vertical World Circuit features nine very tall buildings, according to the official website of the International Skyrunning Federation.Walsham has won six times in Beijing. As the world's top-ranked female vertical runner, she will take on another tall order in Shanghai in October.Mother of a 9-year-old boy, Walsham was a track runner when she left Singapore 11 years ago. "I was looking for a new challenge, and running up a building is a big challenge," she tells Metropolitan.She enjoyed attacking the stairs to the Summit Wing, the five-star hotel at the top of Tower III with 278 hotel rooms and eight restaurants.Winning is nice and all, says Walsham, but satisfaction is more than picking up a trophy. "It's about finishing the race and being happy with my performance," she says. Christine Jensen, 60, was so happy to finish her race that she couldn't even remember her time. "I did it in less than 50 minutes, 48, 49 or something like that," says a beaming Jensen. "The score doesn't matter. What matters is being able to finish the race and do your best."Jensen competed in the 50-65-year-old amateur female runner group. "There are only five women in my group, so it's pretty cool," Jensen says. After reaching the rooftop, different climbers celebrate in different ways. Instead of "hi," some greet each other at the Summit Wing roof with "Have you finished it?" Jensen takes a selfie with the soon-to-be finished 528-meter China Zun skyscraper, also known as CITIC Tower, in the background.  Asked why they do it, the runners all talk of facing down a challenge. Stair climbing as a sport probably started about 1903 and continues to attract an eclectic blend of elite and amateur climbers every year. Many raise money for charity. "For me, it was just doing something that was pushing my limits and seeing if I could do it," says Jensen. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Sea trials pave way for China's aircraft carrier battle group: analystsIndia's national carrier dismisses notification about company's closure as fake messageUS absurd to link trade with denuclearization Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐