Chinese innovations never stop. This time it is not about developing sophisticated computer software or designing an intricate housing structure, it has to do with natural ways of correcting eyesight issues in young students.This sounds like a new phenomenon in China that is trending, but it has actually existed for over five decades. I had the chance to visit an elementary school in Beijing, and it was an astonishing reality. At least once a day, eye exercises are performed in elementary and junior high schools. Some very lovely melodies are played over the speakers in the classroom, and students carry out a series of activities such as closing their eyes and gently pressing and rubbing around the eyebrows, temple and back of the head using their index fingers while following the beat of the music. More interestingly, alongside the teacher, there were student captains who steered the entire process. They stood vigilantly at the podium and viewed the exercises. They walked up to rule breakers and warned them very strongly. While this did not only end in a verbal warning, students will also receive a reduction in their scores. The scores are noted by the captains and publicly displayed on the board for the class to see. I didn't ask what punishments were given to those whose scores were skimpy, but I guess they would be punished by their teacher.A boy, allegedly a rule breaker, almost fought the captains over the deduction of his marks. He stated that the guides bogusly reduced his scores. The teacher intervened immediately, and he was soon back with the group.This habitual activity that lasts about five minutes is one of a kind. It happens only on the Chinese mainland and is purely a made-in-China thing. The entire campus conducted this at the same time as this class. When asked what this was meant for, my Chinese friend responded it was to control myopia in young people in China. We, of course, know that China is the nerve center of electronics and young learners normally act under the influence of electronics. The exercise is endorsed by the Beijing Municipal Commission of Education after numerous studies and recommendations by scholars back in the 1960s and 70s. The present version of the eye exercises has been updated and revised to incorporate further research in the field.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Kudlow should understand China's firm willIdol Cai Xukun's 20th birthday top trending topic on Chinese social mediaChina to require patriotism education for intellectuals Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐