A Netherlands-based chip-making equipment manufacturer denied rumors that the China-US trade conflict would prevent it from hiring Chinese nationals.
In a statement sent to the Global Times on Monday, ASML, one of the few suppliers of lithography, a type of chip-making equipment, in the world said the company "can hire and is still hiring Chinese nationals who can work on ASML's high-tech products in development, engineering and services, also in the Netherlands."
"ASML would like to emphasize that there is no general restriction on hiring any nationality. We welcome engineers from all over the world," said the statement.
However, it noted that for certain technologies originally developed in the US, Chinese nationals, as well as nationals from roughly 20 other countries, require a US export license before they can be assigned by ASML to work on these technologies.
"This is not a new situation as this has been the procedure for years," ASML said.
The rumor started when "dayingliangxinhanfulai", a Sina Weibo user with 1.2 million followers, posted on August 21 that "the US is prohibiting principal suppliers of semiconductors in the world from hiring Chinese."
"It is ASML of the Netherlands this time," he wrote and posted a screen grab that shows the exposure from one of his followers.
The follower said he has a friend looking for a job in the Netherlands and received an email with cacography from ASML, saying "ASML is forbidden to have Chinese people working on their products, which the US government had ordered." 
Various media reports cited the post online. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Sea trials pave way for China's aircraft carrier battle group: analystsIndia's national carrier dismisses notification about company's closure as fake messageUS absurd to link trade with denuclearization Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐