The Shanghai Book Fair will be held at the Shanghai Exhibition Center from August 15 to 21. As the province of honor, Southwest China's Guizhou Province has brought over 2,000 kinds of books to the book fair, covering social science, literature, art, science and technology, children's books and lifestyle. During the exhibition, the Guizhou delegation will also organize 20 book signings and display pieces of national intangible cultural heritage, and local embroidery and pottery will be available for purchase. Publishing houses are also actively participating in the event. China International Publishing Group will bring more than 5,750 books in 20-plus languages to the book fair, including 4,000 imported foreign titles. A highlight of the fair will be the launch of Biology of Shanghai, written by local writer Ye Xin. Biology of Shanghai is the first in a series of books centering around 100 different cities along the Belt and Road, which displays the image and personality of each city. This year Shanghai Xinhua Media Co is going to co-organize a "physical bookstore innovation conference," which will invite managers in charge of more than 30 Xinhua Bookstores and other physical bookstores to shed light on the sustainable development of brick bookstores in the era of new retailing that uses data and technology to seamlessly connect the online and offline worlds. Meanwhile, the group will also host a culture and tourism forum of Belt and Road countries with consulate representatives from Shanghai introducing the culture and tourism of their countries and how the Belt and Road initiative has impacted their countries based on their personal travels and residing experiences. Besides the books and talks, there will be a series of on-site events and exhibitions during the book fair. Jing'an district, as the district where the book fair takes place, will set up a "Jing'an study" in the Shanghai Exhibition Center to promote the spirit of reading. This year's event focuses on the 40 years' anniversary of China's reform and opening-up policy. There will be an exhibition that charts the evolution of people's clothes over the past 40 years and reflects the changes in people's lifestyles. Meanwhile there will also be a display on Shanghai's intangible cultural heritage where visitors will be able to try their hands at dough modeling and making qipao buttons. This year marks the eighth edition of Shanghai International Literary Week. Running from August 14 to 20, the city will put on over 40 events featuring 28 writers and poets from home and abroad, including Swedish author and historian Peter Englund, Mozambican writer Mia Couto and Mexican writer Álvaro Enrigue.To provide high-quality events to more citizens, this year's book fair also expands into the suburban districts with the launch of six farmhouses tuned into "village studies" where books are selected and collected from libraries and culture centers and provided to local villagers with a good reading environment. 

Boxes of books on the ground of the exhibition hall Photos: Lu Ting/GT
 

Two workers make last preparations for the book fair on Monday.   

A banner hung outside a wall of the Shanghai Exhibition Center Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐