Japanese students visit 798 Art District in Beijing. Photo: Gao Yiwen  

The students make bread at a Chinese bakery. Photo: Wei Xi/GT  

Japanese students poses with their Chinese assistants at a Chinese bread factory. Photo: Wei Xi/GT  

Shuntaro Namura takes a Chinese language class with international students of other countries. Photo: Wei Xi/GT  

Fumito Tamanato poses with a Chinese martial arts performance crew. Photo: Wei Xi/GTWhen Yuuga Utsugi first entered a Chinese store, nobody shouted 'hello!' 'good morning!' or "Irasshaimase!""But in Japan a lot of people say greetings," said the Japanese young man who is a university freshman.The loud silence felt odd, Utsugi said.But he's getting used to it.Utsugi is just one member of a group of Bunkyo Gakuin University students participating in a one-month study tour of Beijing.Metropolitan interviewed students and teachers from the coeducational university located in Bunkyo, near the University of Tokyo to glean their first impressions of China. Then we chatted with assistants at Beijing Languge and Culture University about the Japanese students.  This year marks the 40th anniversary of the establishment of a peace and friendship treaty between China and Japan. Although the two peoples share some obvious similarities of history and culture, war and politics have long stood as barriers between them. There are actually many more differences - big and small - than outsiders usually realize. Beijing's air pollution seems to trouble Utsugi, but it seems like he didn't want to be impolite. There was "a little" on the first day he arrived in China, Utsugi said. "But now I've got used to it!" he smiled. Chinese people are kind, Utsugi said. He knows because he often plays basketball with strangers on campus and finds it is easy to get along with them. "At first I thought Chinese people aren't polite," said Mayu Yoshinaga, "but Chinese are very friendly, maybe more friendly than some Japanese."What left the deepest impression on Yoshinaga is campus life where she made friends from different countries by communicating in English, Chinese and Korean. She finds Chinese the most difficult, especially the pronunciation. Before she came to Beijing, Yoshinaga worried about the air pollution, "but now I don't think that's a problem. The pollution isn't that serious here."In Japan, the news about China "often gave us a negative image," Yoshinaga said.Some Japanese people have a bad impression of the Chinese "because the Japanese media often say Chinese people are rude," said Fumito Tamamoto. Tamamoto is the only Japanese interviewee to have been to China before. "I have a good impression of China and Chinese people because when I went to Chengdu (Sichuan Province), Chinese people were very kind to me. It was very exciting."  Building a connectionThe Great Wall impressed Tamamoto."I wanted to go to the Great Wall to learn more about history. I like Chinese history and some video games include Chinese history," he said. Tamamoto said he knew many Chinese loved Japanese culture and Japanese anime.Anime figures like Kumamon, Crayon Shin-chan, and Chibi Maruko-chan were what came to mind first about Japan, "as well as a few brands like Uniqlo and Shiseido," said Cui Yingwei, a postgraduate student at Beijing Languge and Culture University. Cui worked as a study and life assistant for the Japanese visitors.Cui told Metropolitan she knew little about Japan or Japanese before they arrived.After a few weeks accompanying Japanese students, Cui noticed, "They are very polite, kind and hardworking. Every time after I tutored them or came back from off-campus tours, they expressed their gratitude.""They never speak loudly in public spaces."In Cui's considered opinion, "Japanese people care a lot about details and made-in-Japan products are practical and simple."Wang Yuzhou, another assistant, agreed that the Japanese "have a serious work attitude.""The reason why so many Chinese rushed to buy a Japanese toilet lid a while back was also due to the fact that Japanese products are very well-made," Wang said.It is obvious that Shuntaro Namura is not a big fan of Beijing traffic. "In Japan, the horn is only used in an emergency, but some Chinese people use the horn so often." Nana Yahagi finds the traffic tricky for a different reason."The traffic jams are very heavy and the bicycle riders run too fast that I got scared."For her, Chinese food is "very oily, so sometimes my stomach gets tired."Hiromi Horage, chief of the international programs office at the university's Hongo campus, loves listening to students complaining, praising and communicating.The university started the project in 2002. "In the beginning it was only a short-term program during summer vacation, which mainly focused on Chinese-language study," Horage told Metropolitan.In 2013 they introduced English language classes and added a few off-campus social activities.The social activities included visits to Beijing landmarks, a local court hearing and visits to some State-owned Chinese companies. It's only a month of study, Horage said. "Maybe there won't be much achievement on the foreign language front, but they can learn a lot about Chinese culture, experience local life and see things not covered by the Japanese media with their own eyes. This is the major goal of this project." By exposing Japanese students to an alien environment, it helped them understand English better."The communication with Chinese students also provides access to Chinese students' opinions on China-Japan relations and history, which cannot be learnt in textbooks," Horage said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China tops world in alcohol-related deaths: medical reportMedia hype won't hurt China-Malaysia cooperationCPEC offers win-win situation for 'iron brothers' Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐