Illustration: Chen Xia/GT
Many travelers speak highly of Hangzhou, in East China's Zhejiang Province, and consider it an agreeable paradise through its perfect integration of natural scenery and modernization. The famous tourist attractions also left an unforgettable impression on me. On a cozy July night, I, along with my mum and her friends, fully immersed ourselves in a magnificent performance, named Impression West Lake (Enduring Memories of Hangzhou), along the southern shore. The live show is directed by Chinese director Zhang Yimou, and it fully displayed the city's unique spirit, which aroused our aesthetic enjoyment and embedded a positive image of Hangzhou in our minds.After the performance, the audience was quickly besieged by taxi and private car drivers at the exit who parked their cars along the road in advance. At that time, we were in a hurry to go to a bar to watch the 2018 FIFA World Cup, so we quickly made a deal with one private car driver, 100 yuan ($14.5) for seven people in total, without bargaining over the unreasonably high price. Everything went well at first. The driver chatted with us about the rapid development of Hangzhou and its prosperous outlook from the prospective of a native. Two of our companions stated that they were too exhausted to watch the match and asked to have a stop at the hotel, which was on the way, while the rest of us headed to the final destination. The driver didn't say anything at first place, but he kept frowning and sulked as he drove to the hotel, as if the request was offensive. After he appeared to have a long inward struggle and hesitation, he started to negotiate with us: "According to our initial agreement, I am only in charge of carrying you guys to the bar, excluding the distance from the route to your hotel. Therefore, correspondingly, you have to pay extra money for the extra distance. Otherwise, I will have a loss in this journey for sure!" We argued that the hotel was in the same direction as the bar, and we did not change the ultimate destination to a farther place. "You decided the price was 100 yuan, and we didn't even bargain. The demand of my two companions was not excessive for the fare, so it's impossible for us to give you extra money," my mother claimed, "Would you please just be happy with what we agreed to?" I knew the driver wouldn't have a loss under either circumstance. If the fare was charged by the meter on a taxi, no more than 30 yuan would be paid for such a distance.If we had been persuaded by him, his greed would have been satisfied, but instead, he considered himself as a vulnerable "victim" while we were the "culprits." What's worse, this driver even muttered curses toward my mother when we were exiting the car. He even cited the recent case of a mother and her child being killed by a taxi driver over a trivial dispute. His behavior shocked me, and I knew this man poorly represented Hangzhou. No matter how pleasant Impression West Lake and the landscape of Hangzhou were or how wonderful the soccer match was that night, I kept recalling the confrontation with the driver. How the poor manners of a single individual defaced the overall image and impression of the city!Nowadays, booming development is taking place all around China: skyscrapers are springing up; citizens' cultural and recreational activities are enriched; landscapes and historical sites are all well-preserved to showcase the city to both domestic and foreign visitors. However, it is the ethos of the city and the morals of its citizens that genuinely reflect the spirit of the city and appeal most to visitors from all around the world.This Hangzhou trip taught me a good lesson to be a better Shanghainese and to responsibly represent my city and my country.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐