A prominent telecom industry professional sparked controversy Saturday after calling people who don't watch China Central Television's (CCTV) flagship evening news program "low class." The remarks of Xiang Ligang, chief executive of telecom industry news site cctime.com, offended many Chinese netizens. "Many people are loyal to the country, but not all of them have time to watch Xinwen Lianbo. How could he consider them low class?" Weibo user "wudong0406" said on Monday.Xinwen Lianbo is CCTV's primetime news program. Many significant news on the Central Committee of the Communist Party have been first aired on Xinwen Lianbo since 1982.Xiang told the Global Times on Monday that he was arguing with a netizen who played down the Xinwen Lianbo program."I wrote about the monotony of Taiwan's TV programs compared to those of the Chinese mainland. A netizen asked me about Xinwen Lianbo," Xiang said.He wrote that his daughters always watch the news bulletin with him to catch up on Chinese politics and economic changes.The remarks were taken out of context, Xiang stressed."They were angry words. Saying "low class" is offensive, but I always call myself 'a low class person from a small city.' So I used the term in my post," Xiang said, noting he did not mean to offend anyone, but said he cannot tolerate people who despise Xinwen Lianbo.The "low class" are lazy people, greedy people, and people who don't know how to be grateful or responsible, Xiang explained on Sunday in response to criticism.Weibo user "Yibuke" supported Xiang, saying, "I have not watched Xinwen Lianbo for years but I don't feel insulted. Instead, it reminded me of self-examination." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Egypt approves law tightening cyber securityTen misunderstandings about AfricaIran says US 'action group' won't overthrow Iranian state Antibiotic misuse becoming worldwide growing concernFirefighters gain on blazes Demonstration How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐