Illustration: Lu Ting/GT
Even with the relaxing of the former one-child policy, Chinese parents continue to be known as doting and over-protective, sometimes even unreasonably and blindly so. A recent incident at Shanghai Disneyland particularly worries me. According to a local report, a young woman was cursed and hit by a doting mother, whose little boy allegedly touched the young woman's bottom. The case instantly went viral online as videos shot by bystanders were quickly posted on social media. The young woman felt her bottom was groped and a young boy behind her was apparently the offender, though she was not sure whether the boy did so intentionally or just accidentally. She complained, and then the young boy's mother became angry. In the video, the mother shouted unbelievable words at the woman. "My son is only 8 years of age. Even if he touched you, what's wrong with that?" "Why the fuss? Has no one ever touched your bottom before?" "Look at yourself! Does anyone actually have any interest in groping you?!"These venomous words came out of the mother's mouth, right in front of the child she wanted to protect. As if her strong words were not protective enough, she even resorted to physical force, and hit the other woman so forcefully that her glasses fell to the ground.Another woman, apparently a relative of the irate mother and her son, clutched the young boy to her chest in a protective posture throughout the verbal and physical abuse by the mother. The mad Disneyland mommy would later be taken to a police station, where she admitted her wrongdoing and paid several hundred yuan as compensation to the other woman.  Of course, this incident has nothing to do with the administrative penalty; rather, a key question has to be raised about this absolute "protective shield." What kind of person does the mother plan to make out of her beloved little boy from behind this powerful protective shield? I tend to think that the mother truly believed she was protecting her kid from any harm, thus fulfilling her duty as both mother and protector. This unreasonable behavior is worrisome, and I suspect there may be many other Chinese parents who'd do the same.Unreasonable doting can only backfire. Such bad parenting is not protecting the child, but poisoning his/her mind, which can lead to the dangerous belief that there will be no consequences whatsoever no matter how bad his/her behavior is. With such parenting during the crucial years of a child's mental development, there is little hope for any sense of accountability or responsible behavior as the child grows into adulthood. Therefore, education is urgently needed for good parenting. Parenthood preparedness education is still far from being sophisticated, even in materially affluent cities like Shanghai.  China's doting parenting problem often extends to grand-parenting, as many two-income families have to rely on the help of grandparents when it comes to taking care of their child. Therefore, education is most effective when all family adults take part, and in this process grandparents and parents together can have meaningful discussions that smooth out intricate family chemistry.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why Myanmar is concerned about Chinese investmentChina grasps rare chance to solve its Catholic problem during a unique papacy Ubiquitous surveillance cameras in a Beijing district reduce crimes by nearly 40% The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐