The sharp difference between a made-up and a natural face causes makeup removal videos to go viral in China. Photo: VCG  

Chinese women reach for makeup to get closer to the cultural beauty ideal of large eyes and fair skin. Some even undergo cosmetic surgery. But for internet fame, they bare it all. Photo: VCGA young woman with big eyes, pale skin and thick eyebrows that grow like a horizontal line across her forehead looks into the camera lens. For a second, she doesn't blink. Then, everything goes rapidly. She starts by taking off fake lashes and removing the contact lenses that made her eyes appear larger and her irises hazel instead of black. She takes a cotton pad and removes her makeup: concealer, pink blush, and red lipstick. She washes off her eyebrow pencil and removes the large tapes that pulled her cheeks back and smaller tapes that created a double eyelid. Underneath is a different woman, one you might bump into on the subway or a university campus.Douyin, a hugely popular Chinese short video app similar to Musical.ly, is filled with women like her who are removing a full face of makeup to reveal their natural features. The most popular videos get over a million likes. The viewers are attracted by the drastic transformation unfolding in front of their eyes.While Douyin, which is known as Tik Tok abroad, isn't the place for strong social messages, the challenge might have inadvertently conveyed to young girls that no woman is perfect and that beauty sometimes is nothing more than a facade.Beauty pressureIn China, societal pressure for young women to look like the unattainable celebrities on TV is considerable. For women, the ideal body includes a slim figure, porcelain skin, a pointy chin and large eyes, a study by Zhang Meng published in the Chinese Journal of Communication in 2012 found. "Body image issues were centralized in these women's everyday experiences, and they were under significant cultural, societal, familial and peer pressure to pursue physical beauty," Zhang wrote.Some women take extreme steps to look more like their idols displayed in ads and on TV. The plastic surgery market in China grows six times faster than the global average, the online edition of the magazine Plastic Surgery Practice reported in 2017. There are even social networks solely dedicated to exchanging information about cosmetic surgery in the country. One example, SoYoung, has 30 million users, according to a 2018 South China Morning Post report. On Douyin, Chinese notions of beauty play a big role too. Women who conform get more attention on the platform; therefore, carefully styled and made-up girls make for the majority of the top personalities.Going internationalThe makeup removal challenge comes as a refreshing change and might inspire young girls to dare to embrace a more natural look. Therefore, Metropolitan invited its readers from around the world to take part in the challenge.Portuguese Carolina Santos, who grew up in England, was one of the first to volunteer. Even though she felt a little nervous before filming herself without makeup, she found courage in the fact that other women had the courage to do it.Carolina said she had felt pressure to wear makeup since high school."In England, there's this constant feeling that if I don't wear makeup, am I fitting in?" she said."Even though we women say that wearing makeup is something that makes us feel better, we should really find that confidence inside us to be able to walk out without it."Chinese Wang Naijia had no problem removing her makeup on camera."Every person defines beauty differently," said Wang, adding that she finds pleasure in the process of putting on different makeup products."It makes me feel more confident and positive. Whether to wear makeup or not is a personal choice. What matters most is your attitude," she concludes.He Ziqi chooses not to wear makeup every day."It takes quite some time, which I may prefer to spend on something else," she said. However, makeup makes her feel good about herself and confident about what other people might think of her."It does make me look better, more energetic, thus leaving others with a good impression," she explained."Social pressure to look beautiful exists everywhere. It's not usually the reason that I put on makeup."The international makeup removal video left an impression on Chinese microblogging platform Weibo because the before and after effect was not as striking compared to that of the pioneers on Douyin."Chinese women study that video well," one user wrote. "It's OK to put on a little makeup to look more attractive, but when your own parents won't recognize you, you might have gone a little over the top." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Washington's investment in Indo-Pacific won't cripple Belt and RoadGPS cards aid Chinese Muslims on hajj pilgrimageHong Kong Fintech Week to feature launch of virtual banking service The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐