China's panda breeding base in Chengdu, Southwest China's Sichuan Province denied accusations that they mistreated pandas, saying that one of the pandas that allegedly suffered from electric shock treatment to produce sperm is "in good health."A 15-second video of a panda named Yong Yong went viral on Tuesday. It showed the panda stretching its paws at times toward visitors, who crowded outside the glass and took photos. "Panda fans" said Yong Yong showed "agony and struggle," saying the pandas are not living a good life at the facility.The cell where Yong Yong lives in, called "No. 14 cell for crazy pandas" by netizens, is reportedly around 25 square meters in size, which is far smaller than the required 100 square meters for the smallest indoor area for each panda in a regulation released by the State Forestry Administration in 2012. To breed more pandas, according to a netizen named Gudebaibai, the base gives electric shock treatment to pandas, including Yong Yong, to produce sperm."Yong Yong is in good health," a staff at the base's news office surnamed Chen told the Global Times on Thursday. She refused to release any details, such as whether Yong Yong undergoes shock treatment to produce sperm. Chen told the Global Times that as one of the biggest panda breeding bases, they "would not do anything that harms the pandas."The video on Weibo has been forwarded over 20,000 times as of press time, with thousands of comments accusing the base and urging it to "save Yong Yong."The video was made by Wang Qi when she visited the base on Monday."I did not realize Yong Yong was restless or upset until I saw netizens' comments," Wang told the Global Times on Thursday.The panda "looked in good health," an expert at China Agricultural University's  College of Veterinary Medicine, who requested anonymity, told the Global Times after seeing the video of Yong Yong. "The public should be rational on related issues," he said.This was not the first time netizens and "panda fans" accused the base. Some giant pandas living in the base reportedly suffered from a disease in May that turned their eye patch from black to white. But the base never provided a conclusive diagnosis. Wild giant pandas are only found in Sichuan, Shaanxi and Gansu provinces. China is home to 1,864 wild giant pandas, with most living in Sichuan. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why Myanmar is concerned about Chinese investmentChina grasps rare chance to solve its Catholic problem during a unique papacy Ubiquitous surveillance cameras in a Beijing district reduce crimes by nearly 40% Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐