Traveling is an important part of the leisure lifestyle. But what does it mean to ordinary people? And what motivates us to travel to different regions and countries?At the opening forum of Shanghai International Literary Week (SILW) 2018 last week, writers from both China and abroad discussed the theme of this year's forum "Why We Travel."The speakers included Chinese female writer Chen Danyan, scholar and writer Xu Zidong, Chilean writer Paulina Flores, award-winning Mozambican writer Mia Couto and French writer Catherine Poulain. They interpreted the meaning of travel based on their own experiences.Poulain spoke about her first tour to Shanghai 34 years ago. "I took an oil tanker alone from Hong Kong to Shanghai in the winter. I was afraid but excited. China was a mysterious, Eastern country to me," she said.Poulain recalled some scenes during the journey. "While the ship stopped at a port in Ningbo [in East China's Zhejiang Province], I smelled the sweet fragrance of rice and steamed buns. I also saw small houses, bridges and river buffalo. The faces of local people were completely new to me," she said.Chinese scholar Xu Zidong thinks the meaning of travel depends on several aspects, with one extending to people's feelings about the length of life."While traveling, we tend to feel a day becomes longer; being exposed to a new environment and ideas make us feel our life is extended," he said.He pointed out that reading is a form of travel for our mind; reading books written by authors from different periods and places, one can gain insight into a "view" across time and space.

Participants at the opening forum of Shanghai International Literary Week 2018 Photo: Wang Han/GT
Learning about the worldGrowing up in Shanghai, Chen Danyan has had careful observations of Chinese people's attitude toward traveling. According to Chen, an increasing number of Chinese have been traveling abroad over the past decade, making Chinese the largest tourist group worldwide.She said Chinese people's passion toward overseas travel reflects that their newfound curiosity about the world is growing, and that Chinese people are now more willing to embrace the outside world."During the World Expo in Shanghai, one of my Japanese friends said that every morning he enjoyed watching Chinese visitors rush into the Japanese pavilion," Chen said at the forum."I was confused, as I thought it is a bit rude to rush into a pavilion. But my friend said the scene reminded him the good old days when the economy in Japan was booming and Japanese people were rushing into different pavilions during their World Expo."Her friend said that only when a nation's economy is going up are its people eager to learn about the outside world. "Traveling is a way for Chinese to express their curiosity about other parts of the world," Chen added. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Look at China-Turkey ties objectivelyFair understanding of Belt and Road initiativeXi requires strengthening CPC leadership, Party building in military Antibiotic misuse becoming worldwide growing concernFirefighters gain on blazes Demonstration How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐