The loan problems of Pacific island countries are a political issue induced by Western countries for their own interests, Chinese analysts said after Tonga considers pressing China to write off the debt of other countries in the region. 
Yu Lei, a research fellow at the Australian Studies Center of Beijing Foreign Studies University, told the Global Times on Tuesday that South Pacific nations were bewitched by Western countries, including Australia and the US, who simply want to gain political leverage in the region. 
By inciting South Pacific nations to come up with the idea of writing off loans, Western countries are attempting to sow discord between China and South Pacific nations, Yu said. 
Tonga's Prime Minister Akilisi Pohiva urged Pacific island nations to use the upcoming Pacific Islands Forum in Nauru to lobby China to write off their debt, ABC Radio Australia reported. 
Samoa's Prime Minister and chair of the Pacific Islands Forum, Tuilaepa Sailele Malielegaoi, objected, saying it is embarrassing for Pacific island nations to want their loans written off, Radio New Zealand reported. 
Amid the debt problem in Tonga, Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Lu Kang said on Monday that "China will continue to do its best to support and assist Tonga and other Pacific island countries in their pursuit of sustainable development." Tonga and China will properly resolve the issue through friendly consultations, Lu said. 
Tonga has long complained that his nation is struggling to repay the $160 million it borrowed from China's Export-Import Bank, the ABC report said. 
Countries in the region own a relatively low debt ratio compared to Western countries and the loan offered by China has very low interest rates and flexible repayments, Yu said.
Reducing or cancelling loans only applies to interest-free loans given to the most underdeveloped nations, not to concessional loans issued by China's Export-Import Bank, Song Wei, an associate research fellow at the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation in Beijing, told the Global Times. 
The concessional loans cannot be written off based on China's rules on foreign aid and international rules, Song said. 
Unlike aid offered by Western countries, which always comes with political and economic conditions, Chinese aid has been widely welcomed by South Pacific nations as it has no political conditions, Yu noted. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Look at China-Turkey ties objectivelyFair understanding of Belt and Road initiativeXi requires strengthening CPC leadership, Party building in military Antibiotic misuse becoming worldwide growing concernFirefighters gain on blazes Demonstration How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐