The government is stepping up efforts to import resources, particularly those which are lacking in China, experts said. They also noted that China should import more high-tech technologies or products to fill up the "short slab" in China's industries. China, which has been focusing more on exports, in recent years has shifted its attention toward boosting imports in an effort to balance trade. Customs data showed that China's overall exports rose 19.9 percent on a yearly basis to $1.033 trillion in the first six months of this year. This November, China will also host its first China International Import Expo (CIIE) in Shanghai, which will showcase products from nearly 3,000 overseas companies. Wu Chenhui, a Beijing-based rare-earth analyst, told the Global Times that a key importing area the government is focusing on is scarce or strategic resources. Customs data also showed that China is increasing the import scale of many bulky commodities in 2018. For example, the import value of rare earth elements has surged by 26 percent on a yearly basis to $257 million in the first six months of this year, while the import of refined oil surged by 55.2 percent to $17.8 billion in the first half of this year. "For some resources, China is either lacking good quality or lacking the resource altogether. One example is bauxite, with China-produced bauxite often having too many impurities. So China is importing a lot of bauxite from countries like Australia," Wu said. "I think in terms of rare resources, the government will continue increasing imports as well as strengthening cooperation with resource-rich countries," Wu said. Wu also said that he hopes China can import more high-tech technologies or products which Chinese companies are not good at producing to fill the country's "short slab." Bai Ming, deputy director of the International Market Research Institute under the Ministry of Commerce, said that he hoped China could import more technical equipment, such as machine operating systems, to make up for disadvantages in China's manufacturing. The upcoming CIIE will showcase more than 100 new products and technologies. Several Chinese consumers whom the Global Times talked to on Wednesday also expressed their wish that China could import more high quality goods such as milk powder and vaccines, as some Made in China versions of those products have been exposed to be of poor quality. Newspaper headline: Nation strengthens imports of rare resources Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Washington's investment in Indo-Pacific won't cripple Belt and RoadGPS cards aid Chinese Muslims on hajj pilgrimageHong Kong Fintech Week to feature launch of virtual banking service The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐