Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTAs a journalist increasingly focusing on video production for social media, this summer's cinema season has taught me an important lesson about the Chinese audience.The first surprise was the biggest flop in Chinese movie production.Asura (2018), a Chinese fantasy movie, had everything a blockbuster needs: a famous cast, a huge budget and sophisticated special effects. In the lead role was the 19-year-old "little fresh meat" Wu Lei. Production spanned over six years, involved over 2,000 people and ate up over 750 million yuan ($112 million) in production costs, part of which was backed up by Hangzhou-based e-commerce giant Alibaba as its investor.But the recipe didn't work. According to online reviews, Chinese audiences hated it and investors decided to take it out of the theatres after only three days at the box office and a disappointing 6.88 million yuan of revenue.The moviegoers criticized two points: a weak plot and the special effects being a cheap knock-off from Hollywood. "I can't believe that during the entire six years they spent producing the movie, nobody realized that the storyline sucked?" a disappointed viewer posted on the Asura's Weibo account.The second surprise was that while Asura flopped, a social drama about smuggling generic cancer medication from India to China has captured Chinese moviegoer's hearts. The plot, based on a true story, has also captured mine. The hero's engagement for them, risking his own life, has tremendously inspired me.Dying to Survive (2018) has been in the cinema for five weeks and generated over 3 billion yuan in revenue while being a budget production of only 15 million yuan. That should comfort Alibaba, who also backed Dying to Survive.When I left the cinema, I thought to myself: If these producers could have an impact with their story, I can too. But how do I best reach the Chinese audience?With the internet, where the success of a story can be measured with clicks and views, it has become increasingly vital to understand what the audience cares about. Some video's views might skyrocket, even though production was fast and careless. Another video, that I put much thought and effort into, got barely 2,000 views.I found that what people really like are social issues that affect their lives and that they have strong opinions and feelings for, with the form of the video coming second. If the story is either weak or has nothing to do with them, they are not going to like it, no matter what special effects you use.In Dying to Survive, people are reminded of a person in their own family that is sick and needs expensive medical care. In Wolf Warrior 2 (2017), a patriotic blockbuster and one of the greatest successes of Chinese cinema, the audience resonated with it because they care about China's place in the world.So what do the Chinese want? There's no definite or easy answer to that question. The importance lies in the fact that the internet era should encourage media producers to stop making arrogant assumptions about audiences and make a continuous effort to understand what moves their lives.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐