Dressed in a formal suit, Dai Kai addressed the 50 people before him in a vivacious and compassionate manner. The attendees, though youthful, all appeared equally confident and ambitious. It marked the opening of 2018 Young Sustainable Impact (YSI) China summit, which is held at Shanghai's Innovation Galaxy from Monday to Thursday. Representatives from the Norwegian Consulate General in Guangzhou, UN organizations and Lingang Group also attended the opening ceremony. Before the summit, these young people have already been teamed up and working on startups that can tackle challenges in sustainable development for two months. During the four-day summit, these young adults further developed innovative projects that address sustainability related challenges in areas of topical interests, through keynote talks, workshops and hackathons. YSI is an organization first established in 2016 by Norwegian youth leaders and entrepreneurs to promote sustainable development and developing solutions for the UN sustainable development goals through youth-driven entrepreneurship.In 2016, YSI held its first conference in Oslo, Norway, which brought 20 under-20-year-olds from 16 nations and regions to solve one of the greatest challenges of their time: climate change. In the past two years, YSI has received more than 20,000 applicants from over 190 countries and regions to apply for the program and has also incubated over 30 related start-ups. Due to its successful impact in Europe, YSI expanded to China in 2018 with a conference in Shanghai, where local youth leaders, entrepreneurs, industrial professionals and organization representatives are expected to "exchange knowledge on youth empowerment, sustainable development and entrepreneurship."

Group photo of participants of the event Photo: Courtesy of YSI China
Ambitious and innovativeThe Shanghai summit attracted over 600 online applications; over 50 youth leaders from key schools and universities from home and abroad attended. They teamed up for a business roadshow and hackathon projects. Dai is currently a sophomore at Minerva Schools at KGI in San Francisco and managing director of YSI China. He first got to know YSI while studying at Minerva. According to him, YSI China is run by 15 members who are an average of 22 years old. They started to prepare for the Shanghai summit at the beginning of 2018, looking for a venue, sponsor, speakers and applicants. He personally suspended his studies for this summit.In 2017, Dai launched his own start-up business, which soon received two offers from angel investors."I feel so lucky to have all these opportunities in my life and hope to bring the same opportunities to my peers. There are a lot of ambitious and innovative youth in China. I hope to expose them to YSI, where they can realize their ideas," Dai said. Given that it is the first edition of YSI summit in China, participation is limited to Chinese students, most of whom have overseas studying experience. However, in the future, Dai expects to include more international youth leaders, building YSI China into an Asia-Pacific headquarters.

Dai Kai (left) with YSI China members Photo: Courtesy of YSI China
 

Participants of the Ice-breaking Day event Photo: Courtesy of YSI China  

Tom Jørgen Martinussen, Consul of Norwegian Consulate General in Guangzhou, delivers a speech at the event. Photo: Qi Xijia/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-US strength gap remains: expertsReligion needs to be governed by lawIndo-Pacific strategy more a geopolitical military alliance Streaming media trades connectivity for convenienceCellist kicked off AA flight First Ladies' fashions How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐