Illustration: Lu Ting/GT
As a foodie, I used to be interested in exploring celebrity-owned restaurants as I traveled to different cities. After trying a few of them, however, I was so disappointed that I was no longer curious about any new ones. Many athletes, singers and actors seem to have entrepreneurial dreams that they want to pursue. However, even with a unique or creative idea, the money to back it and the fame to promote it, not every celebrity can achieve success in the business world. The recent case about Chinese writer/director Han Han's failure in running his nationwide restaurant chain "Nice Meeting You" is the perfect example of this.According to Shanghai Observer, a "Nice Meeting You" branch in Tianjin was recently sued by its own staff for overdue salaries and allowances. One of the employees pointed out that the restaurant closed in late May but the salaries of its 30 staff were still overdue. Because of poor management, the branch has faced a loss of 10 million yuan ($1.47 million), the manager said in explaining why the salaries of his staff were not paid on time."Nice Meeting You" was launched by Han Han and a friend in 2014. Backed by the celebrity's fame and fortune, business was booming at the beginning, with waits up to four hours. In 2015, the business expanded with 60 new branches located in major cities including Beijing, Guangzhou, Shenzhen and Wuhan, according to media reports.However, the chain soon encountered many difficulties. For example, the first branch in Ningbo in East China's Zhejiang Province, was reportedly fined 280,000 yuan due to its lack of a proper license. A branch in Wuhan faced rat infestation as well as a lack of certification and was forced to close in 2016, the Shanghai Observer report said.  The failures of these and other "Nice Meeting You" branches proved that being an entrepreneur really is a lot harder than it seems. Based on reports, there are a few reasons why "Nice Meeting You" failed so abysmally. First of all, the development of the restaurant focused more on excessive expansion rather than personnel training or the quality of food.This poor management led to a lack of human resource development and a decreased quality of service and meals. Additionally, the chain received many poor customer reviews about its expensive prices and low quality of food. One netizen commented "the decorations are appealing but the food is so-so, the restaurant almost lives on nothing but Han Han's fame." In turn, as word-of-mouth spread, sales quickly fell.Quality of food and quality of service are of course key elements that attract foodies like me to revisit a restaurant more than once. Younger generations tend to first visit a newly popular restaurant out of curiosity, especially if it has a large buzz on social media, but they absolutely will not return a second time if the food tastes bad, if the service is poor or if the prices are unreasonable.If a celebrity-owned restaurant relies strictly on its fame instead of the nature of a restaurant - which is to satiate hungry customers with a fine dining experience - that restaurant will inevitably lapse into the realm of boring, unattractive eating establishments - of which there are many. They might break even financially, but their restaurant will never achieve the same level of fame and fortune as their celebrity owners.The achievement of succeeding in the catering business requires time to develop sound operations and management, Zhou Genhong, associate professor from Nanjing University of Finance & Economics, was quoted as saying in the Shanghai Observer report. Thus, celebrity restaurant owners might not be a good fit for this industry if they are still focused on their primary career.However, there are some celebrity-owned restaurants in China that are successful. Chinese Actor Ren Quan's restaurant, for instance, has been operating smoothly for over 10 years. Why? Because he chose to take care of every step of the process by himself. This proves that while fame and fortune can probably help a new business get off the ground, only the best-managed restaurants can expect a steadily growing future.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-US strength gap remains: expertsReligion needs to be governed by lawIndo-Pacific strategy more a geopolitical military alliance Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐