Piers Brunner, CEO of Greater China in Knight Frank Photo: Courtesy of Knight Frank
Well-known international property consultancy Knight Frank launched The Wealth Report 2018 in May. Now in its twelfth consecutive year, the report offers its global perspective on property and investment. In light of the event, the Global Times (GT) sat with Piers Brunner (Brunner), CEO of Greater China, Knight Frank, who shares his insight and vision on property and wealth. 
GT: What are some of the most significant indicators in the report? 
Brunner: It's very interesting to look at how wealth has changed over the years, and the report is a good benchmark as to the attitudes toward wealth and trends toward spending. We interviewed 541 advisers, private bankers and wealth advisers who cover a total of 50,000 ultra-high-net-worth individuals who hold over $3 trillion in wealth.
One of the interesting things is that the group of ultra-high-net-worth individuals grew by 10 percent from 2016-2017. So there's obviously a growth in the environment of good investment and opportunities in wealth creation. 
Another indicator is that Asia has overtaken Europe with a higher number of ultra-high-net-worth individuals for the first time ever. So, you can see where the expansion of the wealth is created. 
GT: How do the results relate to the Chinese mainland market? 
Brunner: The key takeaway for me was the growth rate in the Chinese mainland, with 8,800 ultra-high-net-worth individuals in 2017, which comes third in the world. The other thing we see is that 36 percent of ultra-high-net-worth individuals in Chinese mainland are investing in real estate. That makes me think that they are not only looking for wealth creation but also a protection or hedge against future inflation.
There's a quite a large appetite and there's been a lot of wealth creation out of real estate, particularly when you see the higher prices domestically. The market has been very robust. 
GT: As a well-known independent real estate consultancy from the UK, how does Knight Frank adapt its over 100 years of experience to China?
Brunner: There are two key points here. One is the 100 years of experience and two is being independent. Being the well-known independent global property consultancy  gives us a real advantage and differentiator.
Being independent, we can look at a longer-term vision with our clients. I don't think we have to make knee-jerk reactions, in terms of changes that we make within the business. I particularly like that there's a partnership in a sense that all the people within the business work in the business. From the senior partner down, people at Knight Frank are actually part of the business, meeting clients, growing up in the business and really helping people. 
We've advised over 600 billionaires. We've advised in over 100 languages. We'd like to collaborate to move our understanding of our client base to Chinese mainland, and our understanding of best practices on how to work together into Chinese mainland and connect this globally. 
GT: What are some of the key metrics you want to achieve in the Chinese market?
Brunner: The company has identified Chinese mainland as absolutely a core and key market for us, and we'll continue to invest. In terms of the number of people in our China offices, we have grown by over 50 percent in 12 months. And the interesting part is that 32 percent are at the director level or above. We're hiring senior people that can bring their experience in to help us grow our business. 
I first came to Chinese mainland in 1999. I just could not believe the change that has been made since then, from a relatively unsophisticated market to a sophisticated market. And I think it's very exciting times for Knight Frank in Chinese mainland.
For now, we're going at the key markets, for instance in Beijing, Shanghai and Shenzhen, because we're still growing rapidly in those existing prime markets. We will look at Southern China more. We are setting up new services, landlord project services and asset management, as well as research and consultancy.
GT: What are some of the challenges to meeting your strategic goals in the Chinese market?
Brunner: One of the challenges is to grow faster. I think the key is the talent, not only the recruitment of people but also the existing teams. How can we help them upgrade and improve productivity? There's a lot of hard work that goes into this. 
As for the cooling of the domestic market, we are not experiencing that at the moment. The bulk of our business is commercial. There are new industry types coming in such as co-working spaces. I think media and technology are also going to be extremely strong growth areas, particularly social media and online gaming. There're still plenty of opportunities in the growing market if you can identify them. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-US strength gap remains: expertsReligion needs to be governed by lawIndo-Pacific strategy more a geopolitical military alliance Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐