The cliff statues of Anyue county, Sichuan Province Photo: VCG
A post on Chinese social media platform Sina Weibo showing the results of efforts to "restore" a group of Buddha statues has sparked heated discussion online. On Saturday, Chinese netizen XuxinNixUx posted a series of photos of Buddhist statues that compared their original state and their restored state on Sina Weibo with the caption "the restoration of Anyue Grottoes statues… shocked that we have this kind of 'protection' for historic relics nowadays…" Looking at the photos, netizens were shocked when they saw that the once elegant stone statues had been painted with bright garish colors."What the hell are these?" netizen Gesheng commented on Sina Weibo. "So they know nothing about how to restore historical relics? At least they should stick to the original style!"netizen Blue menhaden noted.Some criticized local officials for permitting the relics to be painted. "The officials in charge of this should be punished! They know nothing about preservation," netizen nuoshimeinü wrote.As the photos continued to be shared by netizens, the Bureau of Cultural Relics in Anyue county stepped into the debate with a statement issued on Sina Weibo on Sunday clarifying the situation around the "destroyed statues.""Starting in 1995, the Buddha statues were painted by locals who raised money for their restoration," the statement read. "The Bureau of Cultural Relics stopped the program as soon as it became aware of what was happening and implemented protection efforts for the rest of the statues."Located in Southwest China's Sichuan Province, Anyue county is famous for its large number of Buddhist statues. More than 100,000 of these statues are located throughout 218 grottoes throughout the county, the majority of which were built during the Tang (618-907) and Song (960-1279) dynasties. According to the statement from the cultural relics bureau, the repainted statues belonged to the cliff statues at Fengmen Temple, which was listed as a provincial-level cultural relic site in 2012. The statement also noted that ancient inscriptions at the site indicate that the statues had been repainted many times over the centuries. Fu Chengjin, the previous director of the Anyue Cultural Relic Bureau, told the Global Times that only a few statues had been repainted by locals and that after the program was stopped "there were no other similar events."According to China's laws concerning the protection of cultural relics, relics that cannot be transported must be preserved in the state in which they are discovered.According to Fu, the painting of the relics can be partly attributed to the difficulties the Cultural Relic Bureau faced in its early years. "We only had seven staff members working in the bureau in 1995 and they were in charge of more than 200 relic sites scattered across more than 60 towns and villages. Funding was also inadequate at the time," Fu explained. "It was under these conditions that locals were allowed to raise money to repair the statues."After the Sunday statement, some netizens began giving the bureau the benefit of the doubt."The local Cultural Relics Bureau was established in 1948. The program the locals were involved in was developed after that and went unnoticed by the general public since it happened in the rural countryside," netizen Zhan Lingxiao commented under the government statement on Sina Weibo. "Thank god the officials were there to stop what happened! They did a great thing!" netizen Y4-art noted."We are currently working on restoring the painted statues," Fu told the Global Times when talking about the government's current preservation plans. "We have also finished drawing up a plan to protect these historical relics in the future."Newspaper headline: Painting over history Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China to require patriotism education for intellectuals Kudlow should understand China's firm willReorienting Europe in a changing world Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐