Do you like players? Have you ever been with a player? Has your heart ever been broken by a player? I believe for every girl who has had at least one boyfriend, the answer is yes.Is a player someone who sleeps with you and never calls back? Someone who likes you but also happens to like other girls at the same time? Or is it someone who has a new girlfriend every day?There is a Chinese equivalent of a player known as a zha'nan, referring to men who abuse women's feelings and are never serious in a relationship.Maybe some of you don't have the courage to say, "Yes, I once met a player, and he totally broke my heart." Well, wait until you are as old as me and have a happy family. It's actually interesting to look back on the players you once dated. One of my ex-boyfriends was definitely a player. He is 6 feet tall and very athletic. The relationship between us was very romantic at first. He would travel across the city to meet me for just an hour, and he would sing to me over the phone at midnight. He called me sweet nicknames, and he was a good kisser. I was so happy until one day he stopped contacting me and returning my phone calls. I wondered what did I do wrong. Was I too clingy? Am I not pretty enough? It took me some time to get over this breakup, but now I think he just got bored and wanted to find a new girl. This is just a classic player act.So what's the catch with players? Why do girls love them?From my own experience, players are usually funny and charming. Can you imagine boys talking about politics or military knowledge to you all day? Even if he has a face like Kimura Takuya or Daniel Wu, it would not save him from boring you to death. Players are also very good at flirting. They flirt with you not necessarily because they like you, but because it's their natural instinct. They practice every day with every girl they meet. How could they not be perfect at it? And of course, many of them know how to look good. A good-looking player is always the center of attention at any social occasion.I bet while you are reading this, you are thinking about at least one player you have dated or liked and might even have a smile on your face. Well, life is too short. Why not play together?This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Protecting peace, stability is top of human rights agenda for XinjiangWhy Washington stabs Turkey in the backScientists create lightweight, fire-retardant artificial wood Antibiotic misuse becoming worldwide growing concernFirefighters gain on blazes Demonstration How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐