A couple dressed in traditional Han Chinese clothing poses for a picture in Qingdao, Shandong Province, in 2016. Photo: ICWith as many as 200 million single adults in the country, experts say China is experiencing its fourth "singles boom." This trend is also likely to continue in the near future as a recent report shows that a majority of college students are single and more than half have never dated before.Just three days after the conclusion of the Qixi Festival, or Chinese Valentine's Day, on Friday, China Youth News published a report concerning the relationship status of Chinese university students that caused quite a buzz online. Based on data collected by Mycos, a major data service company in China, 71 percent of students at Chinese universities are single, 51 percent of students have never been in a relationship, 28 percent have a boyfriend/girlfriend and just 1 percent are married. Regarding the reasons for being single, 52 percent of those surveyed blamed limited social circles, while 46 percent noted it was due to their "introverted personality." Most notably, 43 percent of singles said that they were not interested in finding a partner. Living the good life"Life on my own is fine, why bother to find someone else?" Emily Gao, a junior at a university in Liaoning Province, told the Global Times. For Gao, being single is something to be enjoyed. As an "indoors" person who has taken to Japan's otaku culture, she spends most of her spare time in her dorm room watching films, reading books and chatting with her roommates. A fan of Japanese dramas, anime and documentaries, Gao has a rich inner world and is independent-minded. As someone who doesn't want to "waste her time" on socializing, she often has difficulty finding a common topic of interest to talk about with her fellow male students, most of whom come across as "childish" in her eyes. Gao's lifestyle is a reflection of many people her age. The zhai, or indoor, lifestyle lived by many university students is often cited as the top reason why social activities are kept to a minimum. As online entertainment options continue to increase, relaxing indoors is becoming increasingly popular on college campuses in China. The rising popularity of otaku culture among the young has further fueled this trend. A 2017 report by souhu.com listed this lifestyle as a one of the three main reasons for being single while in college. Meanwhile, higher standards for a boyfriend or girlfriend among students are also a contributing factor. According to statistics, 45 percent of singles say they find it hard to find a date that meets their standards. Character and personality are the top things people consider, followed by appearance. Interestingly, women have a more comprehensive set of standards when choosing whether to date someone compared to their male counterparts. What women want"I think young women now tend to date people to meet their social needs, instead of for economic reasons," Zhang Ying (pseudonym), a college student in Xiamen, told the Global Times. She stressed that the improved economic status women enjoy today has resulted in a higher demand for a "spiritual match," which in turn has raised the bar for prospective mates when it comes to values, intelligence, life attitude and religious beliefs. Zhang noted that the fact university students are more likely to move around as they further their education is also a factor that has contributed to the high rate of singles among the young. "For example, I studied in Xiamen during the first half of this year. I am now in Beijing and will soon go abroad as part of an exchange program. This mobility means that you are not in one place long enough to pursue love," Zhang said. China has been seeing four "singles booms" so far. The first boom happened in the 1950s when the first Marriage Law was put into practice. The second wave occurred during the 1960s to 1970s when a large number of educated urban youth returned to cities after working in rural areas to answer the country's call to "go and work in the countryside or mountainous areas." The third boom happened in the 1990s when traditional family values were challenged after the country's reform and opening up. The fourth, which is undergoing, is thought to be connected with China's rapid economic development in recent years, diversifying lifestyles and values and improved status of women in modern society.Newspaper headline: On my own Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Look at China-Turkey ties objectivelyFair understanding of Belt and Road initiativeXi requires strengthening CPC leadership, Party building in military Antibiotic misuse becoming worldwide growing concernFirefighters gain on blazes Demonstration How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐