A group of young Kazakh women in traditional dress on Republic Day, 25th October Photo: VCG   

Almaty, Kazakhstan Photo: VCG As an important partner to the Belt and Road initiative, Kazakhstan's economic, cultural and personnel exchanges with China have been rapidly increasing and Chinese investors' footprint on its Central Asia neighbor has been intensifying the last five years. China's Belt and Road initiative builds trade routes between Asia, Africa and Europe. A key link that aligns land and sea routes starts at Northwest China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region and leads directly through Kazakhstan, a nation bordering the Caspian Sea. What do locals think about China? Metropolitan went to Aktau, a port town in Kazakhstan's West, and Almaty, the financial capital, to find out.Aktau was more or less a glorified stretch of desert before massive oil reserves were discovered in 1958 and the village developed into a town that lives off distilled seawater.On the Aktau website, the city administration quotes Ukrainian poet Taras Shevchenko, who describes the area in 18 as, "A desert without any vegetation whatsoever - only sand and stones. You would gaze around and feel so dreary that you might as well hang yourself."Today, the town is home to about 175,000 people. It's one of the most prosperous towns in Kazakhstan as, besides mineral resources, it has developed a second economic sector: transport. Its strategic location was recently highlighted by hosting the fifth Caspian Sea Summit, an international political event of historical significance to Aktau that seeks to send a clear message to the world: We are a safe and prosperous region for foreign investment.Countries along the trade route are already highly interested in having a presence in one of the key gateways to Asia and Europe. China's COSCO Shipping Company has invested heavily in nearby Port Kuryk, where Chinese containers are loaded from trains and shipped via the Caspian Sea to the Caucusus and Europe.Lasting friendshipThe intellectual elite of Kazakhstan sees great opportunities in increased cooperation with China. Aigerim Myrzagereyeva is an event and TV host in Kazakhstan. She was the one to present Port Kuryk to President Nursultan Nazarbayev in August."Our Kazakhstan Republic is very hospitable. A lot of nations are living here in peace," she said. "We love China," she added, pointing out the close relationship between the two countries in trade and economics and the friends that she has in China that she would like to visit some day."I hope that China's friendship with our republic will continue for a long time."Metropolitan spoke with two Kazakh brothers, who asked to stay anonymous, about their impression of China."China is a big country with a population of over 1 billion," the elder brother said. "It's a world economic power."A 22-year-old young man who preferred we call him his Chinese name Bie Ke just got back from China a year ago from a two-year Chinese-Kazakh program at Chongqing University.  He now works in a café and when he saw Metropolitan reporters speaking Chinese, he warmly greeted them and started talking in Chinese about his impression of China. "China is a great country. There are so many international students there from all over the world," Bie Ke said. "I wish I could go and visit Beijing and Shanghai in the future," he said. He also said that there were many Kazakhstan students who went to China to study like he did. Some went to Beijing and others to Shanghai, Wuhan in Hubei Province, Chongqing and Harbin in Heilongjiang Province. "There are many Chinese in Kazakhstan now," Bie Ke said.Common interests"Even though the size of the two economies differs, there are a lot of common interests," said Zhumabek Sarabekov from the Kazakh Institute of World Economics and Politics.That is, Kazakhstan wants to become a transport hub in Central Asia on the trade route between Europe and Asia, while China wants to align the sea and land lines of its Belt and Road initiative to create more jobs and wealth.Chinese companies have also bought shares in Kazakh's energy sector to secure the rising energy needs of China. Besides, more and more Chinese businesses have settled in Kazakhstan, such as phone company Huawei and Oppo.Thousands of Chinese have moved to Kazakhstan to work on the country's railway and port construction projects.Almaty, the country's largest city and former capital with 1.55 million inhabitants, is where there is a lively Chinese entrepreneurial community. The city has been modernized in the last 15 years to become the cultural and financial center beside the capital Astana. Its monuments, outdoor cafes, lakes and mountains are also attracting an increasing number of tourists.Sarabekov also mentioned that Chinese businesses may face challenges when developing in Kazakhstan. Sarabekov recommended Chinese investors pay attention to their corporate image and methods when investing in the country.Assylbek Dossanov is a local government official in Aktau. He studied in the UK and today is responsible for attracting foreign investors."I'm convinced that foreign investment is good for our country," he said. He recognized that some hesitance still existed.A young hotel receptionist at Hotel Kazakhstan in Almaty that asked not to be fully named, recognized that there were a lot of Chinese people in his city. He studied in Ohio in the US and made friends with a Chinese resident whom he described as "smart" and a "cool guy.""Maybe some people are afraid about the fact that more and more Chinese come to Kazakhstan for business, but I value our Kazakhstan-Chinese friendship. We are like neighbors. They can come to our country to visit, to work, as they are our guests," he said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass West has no grounds for criticizing China model in AfricaDjibouti free trade zone demonstrates true value of China-proposed B&R initiativeB&R accusations groundless, but problems need to be addressed: analysts Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐