Most expats residing in China are tenants, not homeowners. Photo: VCG  

Average rental costs reportedly went up more than 25 percent in July in Beijing compared to last year. Photo: VCGWhen Pakistani Syed Akbar and his siblings signed the contract for their new three-bedroom-apartment in Beijing, they thought they had the deal of a lifetime. 6,400 yuan a month was a decent price for the convenient location in Huilongguan, Haidian district, not too far from the city center.The tenants became good friends with the landlady, whom they invited to dinner with husband and child. But when it came to the end of their lease, the landlady's warm feelings suddenly cooled.Another 1,000 yuan a month was what she asked to renew the contract, and not one jiao less. A 15 percent increase was too much to bear for a household featuring two full-time students.But the Akbars could still consider themselves lucky. A research report by property search engine zhuge.com showed that average rental costs in Beijing went up more than 25 percent in July compared to last year, the Financial Times reported on August 20. In the most expensive areas, the increase peaks at 40 percent. An August 16 Global Times report quoted industry experts who said the skyrocketing rents were due to two reasons: increasing demand from college graduates coupling with short market supply.Internet user complaints accumulated and housing authorities stepped in, Beijing Evening News reported on August 20.Real estate platforms were urged not to raise rents and rental platforms told to make more apartments available on the market to put a halt to the surge.The majority of foreign residents in China are tenants and not homeowners. For some, the authorities' counter-measures came too late.For Serbian basketball coach Srdjan Stamenkovic, the rental increase came as a shock. His two-bedroom apartment in East Beijing's Tongzhou district cost 5,000 yuan. The landlord raised it to 7,300 a month. Stamenkovic said he expected a rise of a few hundred yuan, but not 54 percent. "Renting in Beijing is expensive and difficult," he said.Other expats got off cheaply. Briton Chelsea Leigh Jones con­siders herself lucky. Her landlord is "nice" as he didn't increase the rent. The young woman, who has lived in Beijing for two years, recently decided to change apartments on her own terms, "because I wanted some­thing cheaper." Jones thinks international tenants sometimes harbor too high expectations when it comes to housing in Beijing. With rising housing costs, the expat life might not be as comfortable and glamorous as some had in mind."They want an en-suite, and they want this and they want that and they forget: You're in China, you need to lower your standards of living," she said.Jones advises people to see an apart­ment's potential: a place that can be made into a home by decorating. More expats move to suburbsThe most widespread strategy expats adopt to afford to live in China's big cities, such as Beijing, is shared living."Sharing a flat is the best way to deal with it," Jones said, "because it will be cheaper rent. But if you want a flat for yourself, you could be paying 6,000 yuan a month, which is a lot of money to be spending on an apartment."Compromising between the ideal rental situation and the available resources is what the Akbars decided to do. After they had received news of the 15 percent rise, they moved to a cheaper place, 35 kilometers north of Beijing."I will have to get used to 20 minutes longer subway rides, but that's something you gotta do here every now and then," Akbar said.Moving to the suburbs can be a solu­tion to circumvent the fast-rising property prices in the center of Beijing. Stamenkovic did the opposite. "I moved closer to the center," he said, "but I live by myself, so I got a one-bedroom apartment."Cutting back on square meters seems to be another option for expats to stay in budget. That affordability sometimes comes at a price."If the apartments are really good, they are enormously expensive. But if they are average, there can be many difficulties in the apartment," Stamenkovic said.Difficulties range from outdated furniture to repairing super-dirty windows that can't be opened to clean and so let in the sunlight.In Akbar's experience, landlords weren't too eager to help with repairing, in spite of a maintenance fee paid at the signing of the lease. Another problem is the language barrier that makes it difficult to understand the terms in the contract and communicate with the rental agencies or landlords."For foreigners, it's really hectic to rent in Beijing and maybe in all the big cities of China," Akbar said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Djibouti free trade zone demonstrates true value of China-proposed B&R initiativeUyghurs are not descendants of Turks: Urumqi mayorUS absurd to link trade with denuclearization Ride hail leaves US cities short-changed in DUI revenueChinese man kidnapped: FBIDream Dance How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐