Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTI am a European woman who's with a man from Beijing. When people find out, the first thing they ask me is about how we cope with cultural differences. I hate to disappoint them when I tell them that there aren't many. I have come to realize that social factors, in particular, our family upbringing and the way money played a role in it, has shaped our differences much more prominently. We both come from the middle class, however, belonging to the urban middle class in China and rural middle class in Europe are like day and night.My Beijing boyfriend was raised in a city of 25 million, I in a village of 700. He grew up with a local household registration - a Beijing hukou - that gave him a distinct advantage. Compared to some of his peers, his parents and grandparents all had safe jobs in State-owned companies, where salary is low, but benefits are high. In the early 1990s, his parents received an apartment from their employer in a district famous for China's best schools and universities for a ridiculously low fee. The value of that apartment has risen exponentially since then.His grandparents had lived in a traditional Beijing courtyard house. When the city decided to demolish the courtyard, the family was compensated with several apartments in the area. Similarly, the value of those apartments has skyrocketed. Leading an economic lifestyle, his family was able to buy more property as their assets multiplied.In China, apartments are not only a good investment but also the symbol of a stable life and for men, a ticket to marriage. Thus, my boyfriend never had to worry about his future. When we face a problem, and I bring up the financial aspects of it, my boyfriend's standard answer is "money is never the issue."For me, money has always been an issue. When I was born, my father had just changed careers while my mom took care of me and my little brother. It was a tough time for them, but they managed to build a house in the countryside before I started preschool by working hard and saving, saving, saving."If you want something, you have to work hard for it," is what they told me. Whenever I wanted to buy something like a pair of sneakers or a new CD, I had to pay for it myself. When others spent their vacation traveling, I worked. Even though my parents have always provided for my basic living fees, the anxiety about money was there, and it has not gone away. It's like a voice in the back of my head that tells me to work hard, save money and to accept every job I can. When I look at my parents today, I see the same anxiety, regardless of how much money they have in their bank accounts.Hence, as a result of my family upbringing, I stress easily about my career, and I am always concerned with how much money I make.Having the local Beijing privilege, my boyfriend has formed a more relaxed attitude toward finances and life in general. He takes his career light-heartedly and smiles at opportunities that come easy for him. This is our main difference.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Kudlow should understand China's firm willIdol Cai Xukun's 20th birthday top trending topic on Chinese social mediaChina to require patriotism education for intellectuals Equality of educational resources is a vital part in admission reformNew wildfires in CaliforniaWatermelon Festival How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐