The upcoming China-Japan-South Korea summit in Tokyo may turn into a Japanese public relations exercise rather than a problem-solving opportunity, Chinese observers warned on Wednesday.Premier Li Keqiang will consider paying an official visit to Japan while attending the summit in the first half of the year, he told the press at the conclusion of the annual session of China's top legislature on Tuesday.The last three-party summit was held in Seoul in 2015.  "We may now have a spring in China-Japan relations, but we also need to watch out for any possible return of a chill," Li said, the Xinhua News Agency reported.Japan may exploit the trilateral summit to ease ties with the two major countries in East Asia, Hu Lingyuan, a professor at the Japanese Research Center of Shanghai-based Fudan University, told the Global Times. Japan has realized its one-sided policy of relying on the US and containing China has achieved nothing in recent years, Hu said.Japan has been showing a friendly attitude toward China and bilateral relations have improved since last year, Hu noted. A positive attitude alone was not enough for improving Sino-Japanese relations, said Lü Yaodong, director of the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences' institute of Japanese studies. "It's more important for Japan to show sincerity and follow the principles and spirit of the four political documents between the two countries while dealing with its relations with China," Lü said.Japan's approach to China was bob-and-weave, Lü said, especially on issues of territory or history including "comfort women" and its aggression toward China. Japan may regard this trilateral summit as a diplomatic public relations project, and return to its negative attitudes toward China again afterwards, he warned. China and Japan agreed in January to hold a new round of leaders' meetings  during talks between Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi and visiting Japanese Foreign Minister Taro Kono in Beijing.China and Japan are coordinating Wang's visit to Japan in April, and his visit would pave the way for the three-party summit, Kyodo News reported. If Japan truly sees the summit as an opportunity to solve problems, then Tokyo should announce the agenda of the summit to at least include the "comfort women" issue, Lü said, and negotiations on the China-Japan-South Korea free trade agreement and a maritime liaison mechanism between China and Japan. Trade between China and Japan plummeted from 2012 to 2015 as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe vowed to take a hard-line approach to China after he took office. Abe firmly believed that China's economy would soon crash, Chen Yan, executive director of the Japanese Corporations (China) Research Institute, told the Global Times. "After the Japanese economy entered long-term stagnation in 2016, the Abe government had to adjust their trade policy, which led to a rebound of China-Japan ties," Chen said. The recovery will likely continue in 2018, supported by China's GDP growth as well as its increasing trade and investment activities, Chen noted. Japan has seen both exports and imports to and from China grow in 2017, with increases of 20.5 percent and 8.5 percent respectively, according to data released on March 13 by the Japanese Ministry of Finance. Facing rising protectionism around the globe and a potential trade war sparked by the US, China and Japan are unlikely to become partners in countermeasures, Chen believed. "China and Japan are not that close to defend their interests together in the face of growing American protectionism, although the hope for this partnership exists," he said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass How subsidized US soybeans hurt Chinese farmersIndian scholars become masterminds behind new wave of 'China threat' theoryXi vows to safeguard territorial integrity, warns separatists Chinese-American,14, develops first app for Alzheimer's patientsStudying abroad costs more than just moneyAustin bomber blew himself up: police How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐