CRRC delivers trains to Philippine. Photo: VCG
A staff member at CRRC Dalian Co said on Thursday that the company will use diplomatic channels to negotiate with the Philippines' department of transportation to ensure the early operation of unused trains. The Dalian-based company recently issued a statement denying all claims from the Philippine side over the quality of 48 light rail transit (LRT) trains, according to a report by Beijing-based news site cb.com.cn on Wednesday. In a statement, CRRC Dalian, a subsidiary of CRRC Corp, the world's top supplier of rail transit equipment, said that claims by the Philippine side regarding the trains' weight and compatibility issues "do not hold water." In February, the Philippines' department of transportation demanded that CRRC Dalian return the $73.7 million payment for 48 LRT trains that it ordered for metro line 3 in the capital Manila. Senate president Aquilino Pimentel III also asked the Chinese company to take the trains back to China, and he sought to add the company to the government procurement blacklist, according to media reports in February. CRRC Dalian delivered the last train on January 14, 2017. Chinese experts said such claims lack a legal foundation.Stating that the company's LRT trains are problem-free, a staff member reached by the Global Times said on condition of anonymity that "after delivery, the trains remain unused.""The company has had to seek help from government agencies to push the matter forward from the current stalemate," the person said.The trains weigh 49.7 tons, which is above the prescribed upper limit of 46.3 tons, according to the Philippines' department of transportation. In addition, compatibility issues have been detected between the trains and MRT3's maintenance facilities and signal systems, it claimed.The slight excess weight is intended to improve the structural integrity of the trains to cope with the subway line's harsh conditions, while the signal compatibility issue reflects the line's dilapidated situation and many improvements were made to address the issue, noted the report on cb.com.cn.A Chinese expert urged domestic companies to be alert and farsighted when it comes to investing abroad."In recent years, some countries have held reservations about Chinese infrastructure companies expanding their global footprints, believing that China is pursuing 'infrastructure diplomacy'," said Zhao Jianglin, a research fellow at the National Institute for Global Strategy under the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. "To contain Chinese expansion, they come up with ideas such as China burdening other countries with debt, talk about colonialism or denigrate the quality of Chinese public goods," Zhao told the Global Times Thursday.Any small wrongs could be blown up into big failures by media from those countries, and the aim is to slow down Chinese infrastructure expansion, or hurt Chinese companies' profit margins, Zhao noted. According to cb.com.cn, such setbacks included the return of metro cars by Singapore in 2017 to a CRRC subsidiary and fines imposed by Australia and New Zealand in 2014.Given the external environment, it is vital that Chinese companies have front-end screening for potential issues and formulate contingency plans, Zhao said. Zhao said the ability to foresee bumps in the road ahead and take preemptive measures should not pose too much difficulty for Chinese infrastructure companies, the world's champions. "This ensures that Chinese builders or exporters will get what they're due after huge investments and hard work, and it will also prevent reputational damage," Zhao said."The situation in which a commercial dispute has escalated to require bilateral government discussions should be avoided. Companies should leave technical issues on the technical level, not lead it to the political level," said Zhao. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Support for Oli conducive to China-Nepal cooperationChina can live up to Stephen Hawking's expectations for space exploration: expertsIs the Taj Mahal part of Indian culture? Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐