Airbnb, a US-based home-sharing website, announced its official Chinese name ­Aibiying (literally "welcome each other with love") in 2017, targeting China's numerous potential consumers.Airbnb's co-founder and CEO, Brian Chesky, said that China is a key market for the company to achieve its global ambitions, Reuters reported in March 2017. Nonetheless, compared with its massive overseas popularity, Airbnb is still new to many Chinese, who tend to prefer traditional chain hotels.But the market is growing among younger travelers who like to try different accommodation experiences and make friends with locals. Interestingly, Chinese women are much more keen on Airbnb than men.  The Global Times recently spoke with four Shanghai-based female Airbnb hosts and guests, who shared their stories and experiences.Zhou Lijun, 34, hostIn 2017, my friend Chen Pu, who was studying in Boston, the US, told me that he was planning to rent out a spare house he owned in downtown Shanghai near Yuyuan Garden through Airbnb. "Home-sharing is quite popular in the West," he said. "And I've seen it being embraced by more young people back home."After Chen returned to China, we and two other friends who are also interested in this business spoke face-to-face about how to transform his house into a bed and breakfast inn (B&B). It took us six months of renovations and decorating the house. We did all the work ourselves (renovation, interior design, promotion and operation) as well as communication with the local government and the property management company. Luckily, we all work in related fields, so dealing with these things were not too difficult for us.A designer myself, I was responsible for the designing part of the three-story house. We arranged five rooms for our guests: two in a traditional Chinese style, two in the Scandinavian style and one Japanese style. Though we didn't have a big budget, we tried our best to decorate the rooms with distinctive items such as a classical crane-shaped copper lamp, woolen blankets and tatami straw matting.Most of our guests are young Chinese adults aged under 35; foreigners account for only 30 percent. They are all nice and kind, very considerate and sociable. They may invite me to chat or drink with them, help me take care of the flowers, empty the trash, or send me cookies they freshly baked.Apart from money, being an ­Airbnb host also brings me a lot of new friends from all over the world. It's a good way to meet different people and listen to their various stories.Xu Siyuan, 28, hostThe first time I heard about Airbnb was in 2014, while I was reading a travel guidebook called Lonely Planet that recommended several B&Bs in the American West. Curious and interested, I imitated them and transformed a bedroom in my house into a B&B, then registered as an Airbnb host in 2015. It was very inconvenient to do that kind of business in China that year, as Alipay was still unavailable and I had to open an overseas bank account to receive rent.I have strict requirements for my guests. They can only be women, and they must be well-educated and financially stable. Therefore, most of my guests are students or office workers 20 to 25 years old, many with overseas education backgrounds.Instead of just making money, I also do home-sharing to enliven my life. Before being an Airbnb host, I was busy with my PhD studies, feeling a bit perplexed and even depressed. Meeting with similar-aged female guests helped me improve my mood.Also, as a Shanghai native, by sharing my home with nonlocals I renewed my interest in my home city. My guests come to Shanghai for various events such as concerts and exhibitions, reminding me that everyday there are lots of interesting things happening here. Through their eyes, I now see the great charm of Shanghai. I love my city more each day.Fan Jiawen, 25, guestAs a big fan of B&B, I often use Airbnb and similar services when traveling. It's much more amusing to experience a B&B than to sleep at a boring chain hotel.I remember when I was traveling alone in Brasov, Romania, in 2016, I booked a room in a big house through Airbnb. There, I encountered seven other young travelers, all in their 20s or 30s, and we soon became good friends. For three consecutive nights we held parties in the house or sang karaoke outside, dancing, eating, drinking, chatting. That was fun!I also tried Airbnb once in Shanghai, even though I'm a Shanghainese local. That was in 2015, when I booked an apartment in Hongkou district to celebrate my birthday. It had beautiful Japanese-style decorations and big French windows. Also many smart household appliances including a Bluetooth speaker, a projector and even virtual reality VR game devices.I think B&B's biggest advantage is that there are numerous homes of various styles for guests to choose, which can add color to your trip. Nonetheless, I hope that travelers, especially young women who like to travel alone, pay attention to safety and only choose trustworthy hosts.Xu Huan, 23, guestI firstly knew about Airbnb in 2015, when the company entered the Chinese market. The definition of home-sharing sounded interesting to me, so I later tried Airbnb when traveling in Italy the same year. The price of a room was cheaper than a hotel, and the host was so nice that she prepared free breakfast for us.I have experienced the service in Shanghai as well, even though I live in this city. I choose B&B just for experiencing different types of homes. In 2017, I spent Christmas Eve with my boyfriend at an Airbnb loft near the Bund. Facing the Huangpu River, it had a great view for us to watch the beautiful scenery outside. Though the price was about 800 yuan ($126.7), much more expensive than chain hotels, it provided us a wonderful experience.For those who would like to try the services, I suggest you make a careful selection before finally booking a room. Make sure that the host is honest, kind and reliable. Comments and reviews from previous guests can help you make a smart decision.

A bed and breakfast inn located in Shanghai  

A rooftop of the inn  

Decorations of the inn


A bedroom of an inn Photos: Courtesy of Zhou Lijun  

A woman makes the bed at an inn in Shanghai. Photo: VCG Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Support for Oli conducive to China-Nepal cooperationChina can live up to Stephen Hawking's expectations for space exploration: expertsIs the Taj Mahal part of Indian culture? Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐