Illustration: Xia Qing/GTMy 3-year-old niece and I were about to go out for dinner with the family when she pointed at me, laughed and said, "Haha, you are dressed like a boy!""What do you mean?" I asked, confused. I was wearing jeans and a nice shirt. "You know girls wear dresses, and boys wear pants. You are wearing pants like a boy!" she continued to laugh. I was a bit surprised and did not know how such an idea got into her little mind. Then my sister explained that every time my niece goes out, she puts a nice dress on her because she looks "cuter in a dress." Hence, my niece has formed an understanding that girls wear dresses and pants are for boys. It reminded me of the forums I attended around International Women's Day, which discussed how gender stereotypes and equality remain a serious issue and need to be properly addressed.Children learn gender stereotypes in various ways from society, school, advertising or just daily observation. Research shows that infants can tell the difference between males and females when they are around 12 months old, and they begin understanding gender roles almost as quickly. Gender stereotyping has awful consequences and can lead to sexism. For preschool children, it's important for parents to guide their thinking to make sure that they don't end up with biased notions about gender when they grow up. According to experts at the forums, there are many things parents can do. For example, they should let their daughters play with toy cars or tools if she is really interested in them, and if a boy is really into cooking, they can let him try it instead of saying cooking is for women. In the case of my niece, another way to reinforce behaviors that break stereotypes is to show her that girls and women wear pants as well. A parent might say something like, "Other girls wear pants, and they still look cute. If you want to climb stairs or play on a seesaw, maybe wearing pants is a good idea."Another way to affect change is through role models. Children have their own reasoning. If they only see male police officers or scientists, they are likely to think that those professions are only for men. If a parent can also introduce their child to female police officers or female scientists, they would understand that these jobs are for both sexes. In Nordic countries, there is a long tradition of having female prime ministers, and there is a famous story of a young boy and his mom. The young boy was watching the prime minister deliver a speech on TV one day and asked his mother if he could be a prime minister when he grows up. He had only seen female prime ministers all his life and thought the job was for women only. The same reasoning would apply if a girl only sees male presidents. She would be less likely to dream of being the president when she grows up. A good role model can do a lot to break outdated stereotypes.
This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China won't cave in to Trump's trade blusterChina widens use of facial recognition systemCo-evolution: Future of China-US cooperation Chinese-American,14, develops first app for Alzheimer's patientsStudying abroad costs more than just moneyAustin bomber blew himself up: police How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐