Dan from the US moved to Shanghai in 2011. One year ago, when he was moving out of a big apartment to a smaller one, Dan found himself having to get rid of many items. Instead of just throwing them away, he set up a secondhand WeChat group. Within two weeks, his group had 500 members. Now he is operating several secondhand WeChat groups for people to buy and sell secondhand stuff."There are so many people out there trying to sell their things, and they didn't have a way to do it before. It worked out really well," Dan told the Global Times. Popular items in his WeChat groups include furniture and electronics. There is a massive need among foreigners in Shanghai to buy and sell secondhand stuff. When they finally return to their home countries, most would rather sell their belongings to others here than pay to bring it home with them.The Global Times recently interviewed some expats in Shanghai about how they deal with their unwanted items in Shanghai.In some cultures, secondhand goods are associated with poor quality and poverty. Most foreigners we interviewed, however, see secondhand stuff as a good way to get a good deal. "Growing up in the US, secondhand is not looked at as a bad thing. The majority of people in my WeChat groups are foreigners. Most people accept it for what it is. They know they are getting a good deal," said Dan.Lora from Spain is a frequent user of secondhand WeChat groups. She is now in a secondhand group with 300 members, where she has sold some chairs and household decorations. "A lot of stuff in my house are secondhand. The cabinets, chairs, decorations, plants, lamps even the mattress for my bed, are all secondhand," Lora told the Global Times.Firsthand is overratedNormally she finds these items in good condition. "I think it is a good investment because I am not going to be here forever. If it's furniture or objects that I am going to use only temporarily, I am going to buy them now and sell them when I leave," said Lora. Her most satisfying buying experience was a really nice IKEA cabinet. Its original retail price was 500 yuan ($79), but she bought it for just 60 yuan.Tom, a camera operator and a photographer from the UK, also relies on secondhand WeChat groups to sell his camera gear, though he has bought things more than he's sold."I think secondhand is fine. To have something completely new I think is overrated," Tom said. "For me, it is all about what I can afford and how I can use it. If I can use it and if it's cheap I will get it." On WeChat, he bought a camera lens for 6,000 yuan, which is 1,000 yuan cheaper than the original price."You also get to know more people who are interested in the same things. It's like making guanxi," said Tom, referring to the Chinese term for relationships.Lora also prefers WeChat over other secondhand websites, because "people know each other." "It's trustworthy. I won't buy from a website [like Craigslist] where you don't know where the goods are from. You go to the home and pick it up from the person. If you like it you buy it," said Lora.Vintage and up-cycling Some expats in Shanghai buy secondhand goods not only for the discount but also for its vintage look and history.TC from Germany is a vintage fan and loves to shop in secondhand stores to find rare vintage clothing that is hard to reproduce with modern manufacturing. He once bought a sheepskin jacket at a secondhand store for just 100 euros ($123), then paid 200 euros to clean the jacket."Where I live in Germany, especially in Hamburg, it is not a sign of poverty or even a sign of socially lower status if you wear secondhand clothing. In fact it is considered very positive. It's called up-cycling. You find a piece of clothing or a piece of furniture that you can use for other purposes. It actually has a positive influence," he said. Vladmir from Russia agrees. He prefers to buy something with a history from secondhand stores rather than everyday clothes. "In the secondhand store, you get the best you got 20 years ago. If it survived 20 years, it is good enough to be used for many more years," said Vladmir."Compared with a t-shirt, I would probably buy a worn suit because it has a history in it. Someone may have worn it 10 years ago. If it was an expensive suit it maybe an interesting guy."Difficulties and warnings But there are often some difficulties with secondhand stuff, especially when buying and transporting larger items like furniture."A lot of foreigners are not good enough with the Chinese language to call a taxi to move these things," said Dan. Another risk is related to refund and quality issues. After moving to Shanghai, Vlamir got to know about Xianyu, a Chinese secondhand app, from his Chinese friends. However he feels it is difficult to verify the source and not easy to get a refund."I am afraid to buy something broken," said Vladmir.Having a close look at the item and good communication with the seller were also mentioned by many interviewees as common sense tactics to make sure you don't get ripped off.Tom said the specific thing he looks for when buying things is if there is too much wear and tear. "If an item has a lot of exterior damage it will be harder to sell them in the future," Tom said.He will also check the actual retail price on Taobao (if he is in China) and on Amazon (if he is in the UK). Dan believes people need to be more cautious when they are buying electronics and acquire all-around information from the seller before handing over their money."For example, a lot of people buy and sell mobile phones on our WeChat groups, but a cell can have various memories. It's always good to ask these questions first to make sure they check it before sending it to you."

Photos:VCG

Photos:VCG

Photos:VCG  

Vladmir Photos:Chen Xia/GT

Tom Photos:Chen Xia/GT

TC Photos:Chen Xia/GT

Lora Photos:Chen Xia/GT  

Dan Photos:Chen Xia/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass How subsidized US soybeans hurt Chinese farmersIndian scholars become masterminds behind new wave of 'China threat' theoryXi vows to safeguard territorial integrity, warns separatists Chinese-American,14, develops first app for Alzheimer's patientsStudying abroad costs more than just moneyAustin bomber blew himself up: police How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐