Illustration: Lu Ting/GTIf a foreigner traveled to rural China and came across a funeral, he might be astonished by how laughably ridiculous it all seems: noisy music, children running around, adults eating and playing cards and - center stage - an almost-naked woman stripping.Although funerals in China's big cities are similar to Western ones, which are mainly solemn farewell ceremonies at a funeral parlor, the countryside is vastly different. In China's many rural regions, including my own father's home village in Central China's Hunan Province, funerals are loud, festive affairs.A rural funeral in China often contains entertaining performances on a newly built stage located beside the mourning hall, such as singing, dancing, traditional operas and cross-talk comedies. With energetic music blaring through poor-quality loudspeakers, it's more of a party for the living than a farewell to the deceased.The reasons are many and complicated. Owning that having more funeral guests implies that the deceased and his family are popular and respected, funeral organizers prepare free meals, free performances and even hand out hongbao (gift money) to attract people from far and wide.Funerals are also a good occasion for rural people to show off their status by hiring a wide variety of expensive performers. In the countryside of Zhuzhou in Hunan, the average cost of one funeral is around 80,000 yuan ($12,637), much higher than urban areas (30,000 yuan), Zhuzhou Evening News reported in 2016.The bizarrely upbeat atmosphere actually makes sense. Although inappropriate and offensive in the eyes of many foreigners, having pop music and funny talk shows does, to some extent, probably neutralize the pain of losing a loved one.By bidding a dead relative farewell with a lively, cheerful party, rural Chinese believe that the deceased will feel less lonely and sad in the afterlife. Personally, I'm fine with such customs. Nonetheless, some modern performances are so vulgar and inappropriate that I cannot accept them at all.When I was about five years old, I encountered a funeral striptease performance near my grandma's home. On the stage near a roadside mourning hall, a scantily dressed woman was slowly twisting her waist under a red light.Facing a whistling audience (most were middle-aged men), she constantly pushed and tugged at her black brassiere, with a strange, flirtatious smile on her face. Knowing little about what they were doing, I felt quite uncomfortable and scared at that time. My grandma, looking extremely embarrassed, quickly yanked me away.Stripping is linked to the "worship of reproduction" in some local Chinese cultures. Erotic dancing, they believe, can be used to convey the deceased's wishes of being blessed with many children, Huang Jianxing, professor of Fujian Normal University Sociology and History Department, explained to the Global Times in February 2018. By providing a sensational striptease performance, a funeral can easily attract more guests, especially males. However, taking off one's clothes in public is not only indelicate but also harmful to the mental health of children, many who are present at such places.Since obsequies are not an adult-only occasion, underage participants are often exposed to these lewd performances. I'm afraid those children will gradually regard stripping as normal and proper behavior. This will harm their personal growth, and could result in them becoming uncivilized adults.Stripping is in fact against the law in China. In 2006, the leaders of five striptease troupes in East China's Jiangsu Province were detained for arranging performances at a local farmer's funeral, BBC reported in February 2018.Earlier this year, China's Ministry of Culture announced that it will launch a new campaign targeting several provinces where obscene performances at weddings, funerals and temple fairs often take place. The government has also opened a new telephone hot line for the public to report "funeral misdeeds."Traditional, rural Chinese have their own philosophies toward life and death that often differ from their urban counterparts. This enriches China's unique and diverse rural culture and helps keep alive ancient customs. Nevertheless, we as a modern society must say no to such unhealthy, uncivilized, vulgar and illegal performances.  
The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Can Indian comedy drama 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' recreate the success of 'Secret Superstar' in China?Beijing won't follow Washington's footsteps in politicsChinese marine observatory in Maldives not for military: analysts Chinese-American teen honored with Army heroism medalFighting the good fightFresh voice How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐