Back in my country, there are very few opportunities to haggle and therefore very few opportunities to learn how to haggle. I can count on one hand the chances I had to haggle growing up.Coming to China, at first I did not know what to do or how to react to the huge fantasy prices the shopkeepers usually started off with. To me, it seemed rude to request a much lower price. I was used to having a price tag with the right amount stuck on the item of my desire. Also, haggling in markets in China seemed slightly aggressive and I did not dare to adopt such a tone.I remember I once agreed to the first price the shopkeeper asked for. She laughed at me and explained that I was not supposed to accept that price, but respond with a much lower offer. She herself would then viciously refuse my offer and I would walk away. She would call me back with a counter offer and we would repeat this game until we agreed on a price. From that moment on, there was no holding me back, I tried to haggle everywhere!For me, the biggest fun is not just to make a bargain, but guessing the "real" price of an item. It is always fun to see how low a price can go. Often, as a haggle tactic, I discuss the quality of the goods with the shopkeeper and try to convince them that the price I am willing to pay is justifiable. A shopkeeper even threw a shoe at me once because I bargained so hard. Of course, the better my language skills got, the better my haggling skills became too. Soon, I was arguing over the price of everything from vegetables in the market to street food and tropical fish. There was no stopping me!Eventually, I was forced to learn that the haggling system is not the same in every part of the world. Once on vacation, I tried to apply my China haggle skills and it was not very successful.Nowadays, I do not find as many opportunities to haggle as when I first came to China, but every now and then I go to places where I know that it is still a must. Sometimes, even my Chinese friends ask me to come with them, because I became so good at it that I get better prices than them.  This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Can Indian comedy drama 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' recreate the success of 'Secret Superstar' in China?Beijing won't follow Washington's footsteps in politicsChinese marine observatory in Maldives not for military: analysts Chinese-American teen honored with Army heroism medalFighting the good fightFresh voice How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐