Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT
Spring Festival is not just a time for joy but also a time for managing expectations.My only consistent expectation with regard to my Chinese wife's side of the family is that few things ever go as planned.We came back from the US to start this lunar year in my in-laws' hometown, a third-tier place, instead of where they actually live now, in a provincial capital. Pa-in-Law promised an impressive fireworks display, a solid selling point considering fireworks have been banned in their city for several years. On New Year's Eve, we had lunch at an uncle's house and we were not back home until 10 pm. Fireworks were muffled by thick curtains to let the kids sleep. The next day, the uncle's family came over, and we had no time to play with fireworks. We would enjoy them the next day, I was told. However, the town police decided that they had had enough of fireworks and banned them because somebody shot down a bunch of lanterns and caused a serious fire. We left for the provincial capital the next day, without playing with any fireworks and only hearing occasional cracks along the highway. When we arrived at the in-laws' current home, they proudly demonstrated the latest modernizations in their apartment. Both bathrooms were now equipped with high-tech toilets with heated seats, telescopic bidets, hot air blowing from underneath and automatic flushing. My younger son clogged one after the first serious use. "These toilets don't handle paper well," Pa-in-Law explained. Trying to unblock it I broke the plunger, but was told to forget it, as every shop that might sell a plunger was closed for the holidays. The following morning, during the rain, I went out for 10 minutes and easily procured a perfect, new plunger. It did an amazing job and I received a brief praise from the in-laws before we were off to lunch at an uncle's on the mother's side. In the name of traditional Chinese culture, two of us downed a liter of baijiu, and somehow I ended up having the larger half. Ma-in-Law cheered us on. I could barely stand when we got home.My wife reminded me that we were going out with her cousins for late dinner and suggested that I took a nap. I agreed and woke up 10 hours later at 2 am. On the bathroom door, a large sign read: "Toilet broken. Do not use." My daughter had clogged it this time. On the way to the second bathroom in the apartment, I ran into my drunken wife who had just returned from her cousins. In the morning, Ma-in-Law asked me why I drank so much. Instead of responding, I rolled up my sleeves and used my battle-hardened plunger to unclog the toilet again. We had no time for common courtesies. It was the Fifth Day of the lunar year. The in-laws were hosting a large gathering in a restaurant. I had to get ready for the next round of baijiu with the uncles. I took two aspirins and drank half a liter of water. I knew how to manage my expectations.  I was also looking forward to the rest of the year. If the Chinese saying that "bad luck brings good luck in its wake" is true, I can expect to make a fortune this year. This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Can Indian comedy drama 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' recreate the success of 'Secret Superstar' in China?Beijing won't follow Washington's footsteps in politicsChinese marine observatory in Maldives not for military: analysts Chinese-American teen honored with Army heroism medalFighting the good fightFresh voice How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐