To most Shanghainese, snow and ice are rarely seen. But one local man named Li Xiaojun has decided to bring his love for ice sculptures to southern China. Different than the large-scale ice sculptures of northern China, Li creates his small but exquisite sculptures for use at private banquets and ceremonies.He has won prizes at several international competitions including second prize at the World Pastry Cup held in Lyon, France in 2013 and the highest prize at Meiji Jingu Shrine Ice Sculpture Exhibition in 2014.He also has served as an ice-carving judge at the FHC China International Culinary Arts Competition since 2015. The success story of this young craftsman has inspired others to pursue their creativity and craftsmanship.Born in 1983 in Huangdu town of Jiading district, Li enjoyed drawing and paper cutting as a pupil. Because he was not very good at academic studies, his family members advised him to learn some professional skills at a vocational school.At that time, he was so fascinated with the cooking skills seen in Hong Kong actor and director Stephen Chow's popular 1996 film The God of Cookery that he decided to pursue the culinary arts. At school, he was impressed by his teacher Lu Jun's skills of turning a turnip into a pagoda or a carrot into a rose. After class, he read related books in his school library and sculpted fishes, horses, dragons, phoenixes and the God of Longevity out of pumpkins, turnips and carrots. Every day for three years, he presented a different piece to his teacher.Learning from the masterAfter graduation, his earnest persistence to improve his skills was appreciated by head chef Chen Jianxin at an urban resort where he worked. Chen recommended him to take part in the FHC China International Culinary Arts Competition, which is one of the most influential competitions in their industry.Chen advised him to apply for the Fruit and Vegetable Carving and Ice Carving awards, which he thought were less competitive. At that competition, Li won the highest prize in fruit and vegetable carving, but was defeated in ice carving. The natural and unrestrained posture of cutting ice and the elaborate craftsmanship it requires deeply touched him. Then and there he decided to study ice carving. Once again, he searched out information about ice sculpture masters around the world and sought any learning material that he could obtain. He studied Japanese ice sculpture master Mitsuo Shimizu's work from photocopies of a picture book and replicated these pictures in his own attempts.His effort was noticed by Hatsuyoshi Araki, the former Japanese executive chef of Okura Garden Hotel Shanghai and an expert at ice carving who also happened to be a friend of Shimizu.Later, Araki introduced Li to Shimizu. When Li presented photos of his replications of Shimizu's masterpieces, the Japanese ice sculpture master was so touched that he decided to take him in as his apprentice.Shimizu unreservedly passed on to Li his technical know-how, from how to shovel and move huge ice blocks which weigh as much as 150 kilograms, to how to weld ice blocks together. "He was very kind and acknowledged me in the industry. Arts know no boundary between countries," Li said.A rare skillEvery year over the past seven years, Li returns to Japan to spend one week learning new skills from Shimizu. He has also learned how to carve a variety of animals including swans, phoenixes, lions, dragons, leopards and deer. "Average ice sculptors can only carve with one knife held in one hand. They have to stop when they need to change a tool during carving. But Shimizu can use both his hands at the same time, and I learned that rare skill from him," Li told the Global Times.According to Li, an ice sculpture has more than 10 hours to finish in some outdoor international competitions held in Hokkaido and Alaska. Small ice sculptures for banquets usually take one hour to finish. Li worked for a while as the head chef at Park Hyatt Shanghai and InterContinental Shanghai Expo before setting up his own studio to popularize the northern art in this southern city and pass on his skills to others."You have to picture the image before you start carving and make the best use of your limited material - the entire block of ice - with your skills. But compared with skills, courage and confidence are more important," said Li, who is not afraid of failure and who is happy to welcome any challenge.

A tiger sculpture made by Li Photos: Courtesy of Li Xiaojun

Li Xiaojun creates an ice sculpture. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Can Indian comedy drama 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' recreate the success of 'Secret Superstar' in China?Beijing won't follow Washington's footsteps in politicsChinese marine observatory in Maldives not for military: analysts Chinese-American teen honored with Army heroism medalFighting the good fightFresh voice How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐