The logo of the French Federation of Football (FFF) is displayed next to the logo of the online Chinese tech firm NetEase (right) ahead of a press conference in Beijing on December 7, 2017. Photo: VCG
Content-oriented battles for the FIFA 2018 World Cup are underway in China, with major online streaming and media platforms each spending more than 100 million yuan ($15.77 million) for exclusive broadcasting rights of popular teams and the production of original sports programs. Industry insiders said that those investments, in contrast to traditional ways to make profits by acquiring exclusive all-media rights to the event, represent a new promising business model that combines sports with entertainment and intellectual property.They said this new model will be able to tap into most of the event's economic benefits, including an estimated 7 billion yuan in advertising revenue.The FIFA 2018 World Cup is scheduled to kick off in Russia on June 14. The NetEase Media Group recently signed a cooperation agreement with the German national soccer team, becoming the exclusive online media partner of the team in China, domestic news website yicai.com reported on Tuesday. NetEase secured cooperation with France's national team in December. The two agreements will give NetEase full access to the two teams' training grounds, exclusive interviews with players, coaches and officials, and close interaction with sports superstars like Paul Pogba, Antoine Griezmann and Olivier Giroud, NetEase Vice President Tian Hua told yicai.com.Both teams are tournament favorites in the World Cup, Tian explained, stressing that the content strategy is "not too early."Tencent Sports had not responded to an interview request by the Global Times as of press time. But according to a plan it released in December, Tencent Sports will organize a new all-star team known as Penguin Team, with 11 superstar players from different countries and regions playing different positions based on an ongoing online vote results. Tencent will be the exclusive Chinese digital partner of those superstars with rights to interview them and make programs. Online streaming platform iqiyi.com declined to disclose detailed plans for the World Cup, citing its upcoming IPO.Industry insiders said that the major media platforms' investments for the 2018 World Cup are "significantly larger" than the 2014 event in Brazil. "Four years ago, the average spending was 50 million yuan each, now the number has already jumped to over 100 million yuan," Wang Xinmiao, a Beijing-based marketing analyst, told the Global Times on Tuesday.In December, State broadcaster China Central Television (CCTV) acquired the exclusive all-media rights for 2018 World Cup. The State-owned broadcaster has not announced whether it would resell the online livestreaming rights to other platforms.But the uncertainty over broadcasting rights "has not damped domestic media platforms' enthusiasm to plan for the events, because they have multiple profit-making opportunities in addition to traditional advertising business models based on broadcasting rights as China's sports fans group has rapidly expanded," Zhang Jiayuan, a partner at the Beijing-based Ransenhuizhi Investment Fund Management Co, told the Global Times on Tuesday. "It is exciting to see how such sports events ... now yield unimagined benefits to the content creators amid the domestic consumption upgrade," Zhang added. One of the benefits is the traffic to media platforms, which enlarges the user base and market exposure, Wang said. About 86 percent of Chinese fans now prefer to watch the World Cup online, double the rate in 2010, according to a survey by research firm iMedia.Other sources of revenue include advertising and sponsorship for original programs as well as offline product sales, Zhang explained. She also pointed out to the production of sport-themed online video games, which may become a market hit based on the fan economy. In 2014, Tencent's coverage of the World Cup attracted more than 50 advertisers including Chinese herbal tea-maker Wong Lo Kat, IBM Corp and sportswear supplier Nike, according to media reports. The total advertisement revenue exceeded that of the London 2012 Summer Olympic Games. Wang estimated that advertisement revenue for the 2018 World Cup would be 7 billion yuan, including the amount from CCTV. In the 2014 and 2010 World Cup events, advertisement income stood at 1.5 billion yuan and 1 billion yuan, respectively, according to Wang. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-Philippines projects to start in South China SeaChinese president stresses focus of developing high-quality economyKoreas agree to hold leaders' summit in April Chinese-American teen honored with Army heroism medalFighting the good fightFresh voice How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐