Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT
 
Let me start this off by saying I love food and am the true epitome of a "foodie". I eat out almost every day at a variety of restaurants in Beijing. When I go abroad, I scour Dianping, TripAdvisor, World's Best Restaurants and the Michelin Guide to map out where I want to eat, dragging my wife and kids with me. I am also the same person who drove 6 hours one way, across two states to have dinner in the US. Food is my passion, also my addiction. To me, it doesn't matter it is fine dining or comfort food; it's about the experience and the taste. I want to experience "the best" and I think that many people nowadays feel the same way. For many, the Michelin Guide used to be the gold standard particularly for fine dining. However, this archaic rating system is starting to sputter, left in the wake of Dianping's Black Pearl Guide.Even with my limited Chinese reading skills, I love Dianping, I think it is an incredibly useful app. To put it simply, it's WeChat for food and shopping. The best thing is that, unlike TripAdvisor or the Michelin Guide, everything is one place. I get to see real users' comments, a ranking of various features of the restaurant and I can purchase vouchers directly through the app. However, for me the most interesting thing is that Dianping directly challenged the Michelin Guide, by publishing its own rating system, the Black Pearl Guide. Dianping did away with "stars" and made "black pearls." The concept is the same, the more you have, the better you are with three being the highest number. Unlike Michelin, they focus on China. No company before has ever taken on the Michelin Guide before. Of course, other entities have created ranking systems. TripAdvisor has a list of all the restaurants in order for every city and presents yearly awards. World's Best collaborates in ranking the best restaurants in the world. With Michelin, it was and is extremely picky, that's why it was the gold standard. Yet, it took Michelin forever to finally reach the Chinese mainland. When it finally came to Shanghai in 2016 it didn't do a very good job. One of the 26 chosen restaurants didn't even have a license. Taian Table, closed the day after it received its star. Loss of face? I think so! Of course, rumors have been spreading that Michelin is coming back: making a stop in another mainland city: maybe Beijing or Shenzhen in 2018? That doesn't matter anymore Dianping was there first.  As a Beijing expat, I love that Dianping is leading the charge for a new system. Covering 22 cities in Chinese mainland and 5 international locations, with over 300 restaurants were given pearls for 2018. People often forget how truly awesome the food and beverage scene is in China. Especially in cities like Beijing, Tianjin, and Chongqing and it is only going to continue to grow. With Dianping's Black Pearl Guide, it is China's turn to lead. Move over Michelin, you neglected us just like you neglected Canada and other countries. Our cities might not have been good enough for you before but times change!  Long live Dianping's Black Pearl Guide!  This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-Philippines projects to start in South China SeaChinese president stresses focus of developing high-quality economyKoreas agree to hold leaders' summit in April Chinese-American teen honored with Army heroism medalFighting the good fightFresh voice How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐