Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT
 
"Wow, look at these lovely pink and yellow carnations. I just love this beautiful bouquet!" That was my 65-year-old mother-in-law as she arranged the flowers that had just arrived.The bouquet was a gift I sent her for International Women's Day. I ordered deliveries for the whole month, so she will receive different bouquets each week.My mother-in-law is a flower lover. She has bought and planted several kinds of flowers since she came to live with me, eight months ago, so I knew she would be delighted with the bouquet before I made the order. Giving her flowers is just one of my many tricks to maintain a cordial relationship with her. Yes, I take the relationship between my mother-in-law and I very seriously and tread carefully. I even did some research on how to build and maintain a healthy, friendly, and polite relationship with her. Why I am making such an effort and investing so heavily in this issue? It's because the relationship between mother-in-law and daughter-in-law is the most tricky and problematic, but super-important, in any family relationship matrix. You don't want your husband to have to choose between you and his mother, and a discordant relationship with your mother-in-law can result in familial catastrophe. This is not just true of Chinese families, but also applies to international families where foreigners take a Chinese spouse.  This complicated issue has both historical and practical origins. Since ancient times, daughters, once married, were "like water poured out," and they had to serve their husbands' families, including their mothers-in-law who had powerful status in the families.In modern Chinese society, mothers-in-law often look after their grandchildren and live with their sons, also "taking care of" both son and daughter-in-law. So as a businesswoman and modern daughter-in-law, letting my mother-in-law feel my gratitude for taking care of my family and showing my respect to her for her traditionally powerful status, while tactfully omitting her from my own family business, is quite challenging. After a succeeding in having a friendly relationship with my mother-in-law for over six months, I felt I should share some tips. 1. Get interested in her interests. Take my mother-in-law for example, flowers are her thing. I also bought her an electric sewing machine for her birthday, as she loves to sew.2. Praise her frequently, no matter if it is for her cooking, her taste in clothes or her care for her grandchildren. 3. Show that your care about her health. Find and buy the right medicine for her needs. I store high blood pressure medicine for her at home, and often remind her to take her medicine. 4. Avoid direct confrontation. Let your husband talk to her whenever you have different opinions. When she tries to meddle in your family affairs, let her son tell her that your family decisions are made only through discussions between you and him. If you just cannot get along with your mother-in-law, you can always be a stay-at-home wife, take care of your family yourself and avoid a close relationship with her.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Support for Oli conducive to China-Nepal cooperationChina can live up to Stephen Hawking's expectations for space exploration: expertsIs the Taj Mahal part of Indian culture? Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐