Namibia's business community used to be dependent on the West but it now wants to diversify relations and local businessmen are inspired by China's model, Namibian representatives said on Wednesday. "We are inspired by China," Leake Hangala, a representative from the Namibia Chamber of Commerce and Industry, said during a China-Namibia business investment forum held in Beijing on Wednesday. Hangala noted that Namibia expects to learn more about China's experience in lifting millions of people out of poverty as well as in creating numerous billionaires. "We are looking for partnership. We want to create personal relations and understand [your] values and culture," he said, noting that the Namibian business community is also inspired by China's cutting-edge technologies and hopes to franchise some services and business in the African country. More than 60 business delegates from various sectors in Namibia ranging from mining and construction to fishing came to Beijing on Wednesday to seek more business opportunities with Chinese partners, as part of the country's efforts in pushing forward industrialization and local economic growth. China has recorded accumulated investment of more than $5.5 billion in Namibia, Chinese Ambassador to Namibia Zhang Yiming noted at the forum. "Namibia is the most solid partner with China in southern Africa, and its stable society as well as sound legal system are advantages for foreign investors," he said. The delegation came with Namibian President Hage G. Geingob who is now on a state visit to China from Wednesday to April 3.A slew of deals will be signed on Thursday, and it is expected that the Chinese market will be reopened to Namibia's beef exports, Zhang said. Jerome Mutumba, chairman of Namibia-based investment firm Guinas Investment (PTY) Ltd, told the Global Times on Wednesday that he came to China this time to explore business opportunities in energy, particularly solar energy, as well as road construction. "We appreciate in Namibia that China has developed advanced technologies and has experience of improving the lives of Chinese people," Mutumba said, noting that Namibia and the rest of Africa can benefit from China's experience.  "For me it's just to come and learn your culture, how to interact and also do business with Chinese companies and transfer skills when it comes to railway and road construction," Matti Kautondokua, executive director of Namibian construction company Gatewood Investment (Pty) Ltd, told the Global Times on Wednesday. As part of Namibia's Harambee Prosperity Plan, local companies in the country are expecting more investment and industrialization, Kautondokua said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Russian diplomat expulsions signal crude side of Western intentionChina prepares aircraft carrier for sea trialXi Jinping, Kim Jong Un hold talks in Beijing Chinese-American,14, develops first app for Alzheimer's patientsStudying abroad costs more than just moneyAustin bomber blew himself up: police How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐