He'ermeng, an adult-product shopping service provided by Hema Xiansheng, an online-to-offline platform backed by Alibaba Group, recently released a report after three months of trial operations. Strikingly, the report mentioned that Chinese female consumers of sex toys are dramatically increasing.For instance, 63 percent of vibrators on He'ermeng were purchased by women, and the average price of female-bought lubricants was four times higher than male-bought lube, it said.Though lacking many statistics, the Chinese female sex toy market is indeed rising. More and more Chinese women are treating themselves to dildos, vibrators, electric butterflies and so forth. Many comment on the item pages to share their experiences and sensations, and some even dare to publicly discuss their purchases on social media. "Using a vibrator is so exciting, I feel the electricity flowing through my body," one netizen under the name Fairytale wrote on question-and-answer website Zhihu. "The vibrator is one of mankind's greatest inventions," another wrote, "I never thought that I could reach orgasm so fast."In a relatively conservative country like China, I'm glad to see that women in particular are now more open to sex-related topics and purchases. For thousands of years, Chinese have regarded sex as a taboo that most people are reluctant to talk about. At least in first-tier cities, sex is to some extent no longer a taboo among younger generations, myself included.Years ago, when I was an eighth grader, a classmate of mine asked our biology teacher how sperm and egg meet. Instead of answering the question, the 30-something teacher smiled embarrassedly and said that we would naturally know it after growing up.Chinese millennials are laughably ignorant about sex. Personally, I didn't know where babies came from until happening to watch a Japanese anime at the age of 10 that introduced a woman's womb. Before that, I had believed that, if a man and a woman stay in bed for several hours, they will generate some "magic gas" which transforms into a baby.While most Western teenagers are taught at school how to correctly use contraceptives, their Chinese counterparts do not even know what a condom is. One day after class, I overheard some male classmates giggling and discussing condoms. Puzzled, I went to them and asked whether men or women wear the condom. I was already 17 when I asked this naive question.Because of our conservative upbringing, Chinese females of our generation have long been ignorant about sex-related topics. We are ashamed of our periods, embarrassed by our budding breasts and feel humiliated by seeing or experiencing any sort of romantic encounter. I remember when I used to cover my eyes during kissing scenes on TV.Meanwhile, Chinese boys must secretly fulfill their sexual needs through masturbation and pirated porno films. Worse still, when we grow up, women who have experienced sexual intercourse before marriage might get "slut-shamed" by our prospective husbands.And it usually does not get better after marriage, either. Based on a survey investigating over 10,000 Chinese employees, over 21 percent of female employees claimed to have never experienced an orgasm, chinanews.com reported in 2014. To many married women in China, sex is strictly about reproduction or pleasing their husbands rather than satisfying their own sexual desires.Fortunately, this is slowly changing with our economic development and social progress. I'm happy to see that an increasing number of younger Chinese women no longer regard sex as something dirty or guilty. With the help of sex toys and e-commerce, we can put aside any pregnancy, health or morality concerns and simply enjoy a good orgasm whenever the mood strikes us.Nonetheless, China still has a long way to go in promoting gender equality, especially in less-developed regions. To narrow the gender gap, Chinese women should be more independent in various aspects, including sex. Only when we are able to please ourselves and take care of our own bodies without worrying about being judged by men, we will achieve a truly open, civilized and healthy society.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times.
 
Illustration:Lu Ting/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass How subsidized US soybeans hurt Chinese farmersIndian scholars become masterminds behind new wave of 'China threat' theoryXi vows to safeguard territorial integrity, warns separatists Chinese-American,14, develops first app for Alzheimer's patientsStudying abroad costs more than just moneyAustin bomber blew himself up: police How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐