A Chinese firm has broken developed countries' corporate stranglehold on ultra-large shield tunneling equipment with a contract to export China's largest tunneling machine. The tunneling machine will be used in Bangladesh to bore an underwater tunnel in the Karnaphuli River and is being manufactured by Tianhe Mechanical Equipment Manufacturing Company, based in East China's Jiangsu Province. With a diameter of 12.12 meters, the machine is said to be the largest of its kind in South Asia. The machine will tunnel through a variety of soil and rock strata to create a circular cross-section."In the past, the manufacture of large tunnel boring machines was monopolized by the West," Zhang Boyang, the company's chairman, told the Global Times. "We are breaking this monopoly, which is a sign that China's research and design ability in large tunnel boring machines is recognized by the international market." Tunnel construction "has been a dream of Bangladeshis," Kabir Ahmed, chief engineer of the Bangladesh Bridge Authority, was quoted as saying by the Xinhua News Agency. "We want to develop Chittagong Port as good as Shanghai."The machine is expected to be delivered in May and work will begin in September, the Daily Star reported, citing Obaidul Quader, Bangladesh's road transport and bridges minister. The tunnel, the first of its kind in Bangladesh, will improve the Dhaka-Chittagong-Cox's Bazar highway network. It may later be linked to the proposed Asia Highway Network, enabling roads to link Myanmar and India, the Bangladeshi English language newspaper reported. "Compared to our worldwide peers, our technology is at the same level," Zhang Tianju, a manager from the company's overseas department, told the Global Times. Zhang said Tianhe's machine accurately monitors the excavation process. Tianhe is developing a tunneling machine with a diameter of 13.19 meters that will be used on Southeast Asia's first high-speed railroad linking Jakarta to Bandung, the Global Times has learned. The tunneling market is competitive, said Zhou Jun, vice general manager of Tianhe, with renowned brands from the West occupying most of the market. But with support from China's Belt and Road initiative, China's tunneling equipment will appear in more countries, Zhou said.Newspaper headline: Tunneling machine for Bangladesh breaks Western market grip Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Support for Oli conducive to China-Nepal cooperationChina can live up to Stephen Hawking's expectations for space exploration: expertsIs the Taj Mahal part of Indian culture? Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐