My friends and I are quite concerned about Shanghai's new educational reforms. According to this year's city primary school enrollment policy, every child must choose either a private or public school when filling out the application paper for the official enrollment system. This means that if my son fails to get accepted into a private school (which happens due to limited space and high demand), we also lose our spot at our designated public school (which is based on our hukou - household registration and xuequfang - school-district apartments).
This is not the first time that urban parents have experienced such inflexible changes to the local educational policy. Children used to have the chance to apply to a private school without losing their spot in their neighborhood public school. In 2015, however, students in Shanghai could only apply to two private schools - one in the district where they registered their hukou, and another elsewhere. This year it became even more difficult, as designated school will not hold a student's spot just because they failed a private school interview. 
All these new reforms, according to an official release from the Shanghai Municipal Education Commission, are being carried out to "further promote educational reforms and advocate a balanced development of elementary education." But I believe such policies will benefit only parents whose designated schools are caichang xiaoxue ("wet market primary schools").
They are called this because most parents of students in these schools are wet market vendors or migrant workers. Such schools may gain more support if the local education commission is as determined as they claim in balancing educational resources. Students at these schools will also have fewer competitors when applying for a private school. 
But for families like mine who have a xuequfang, it is indeed bad news. When I purchased a xuequfang in 2016, I planned to apply for a private school as our priority choice and our designated school as a backup. However, this year's new policy has complicated this plan. Our designated school has far more applicants than space, so that we will probably be assigned to a caichang xiaoxue if we fail to get into a private school. After family discussions, we finally decided to give up on applying for a private school. And so have many of my friends. 
These citywide reforms might affect our choice of primary schools, but it won't interfere with our long-term goal toward getting him into a top private junior high school, a top public senior high school and finally a first-tier university. I will encourage my son to perform well and I will also pay for several after-school courses to help him win certificates in competitions like Math Olympiad.
According to the Xinhua News Agency, China's Ministry of Education encourages students to study at schools near their homes and, by 2020, will prohibit schools from giving bonus scores to students who excel at arts and sports or have competition certificates. The government will develop fair, high-quality education by promoting the integrated development of urban and rural compulsory education and addressing the problem of heavy extracurricular burdens on primary and secondary school students, according to Xinhua.
As a mother of two children, I hope for more down-to-earth solutions that can solve these problems.
The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times.
Illustration: Lu Ting/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Support for Oli conducive to China-Nepal cooperationChina can live up to Stephen Hawking's expectations for space exploration: expertsIs the Taj Mahal part of Indian culture? Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐