China has become a crucial cooperation partner for international actors in global health, experts say. Photo: VCG
 
Big change happens fast in China. Over the past two decades, China has developed to be an indispensable partner for worldwide disease control and prevention.An ascent that probably nobody has witnessed better than George Fu Gao. Gao gained his PhD in molecular virology from Oxford University and has done research at Harvard and Oxford, where he later became head of a laboratory and a lecturer. Today, he is the director at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention (China CDC) and advises the country's senior leaders on public health issues as a member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference?(CPPCC)."The country's disease control system was doing well under the socialist planned economy," Gao tells Metropolitan. "But the economic reform caused new challenges for public health in China." Starting in 1978, increased international trade, exchange and "opening-up" also meant that diseases could circulate in and out of the country more easily."There was no good follow-up system in place," Gao explains. The consequence was that the SARS outbreak of 2002 hit when China was largely unprepared. China was at the epicenter of the SARS epidemic. The virus infected more than 5,300 people and killed 349 on the Chinese mainland.?The WHO classified SARS as a "worldwide health threat" and the international community criticized the Chinese government for being hesitant with its response and information sharing.

If China wants to stay on top as a leader in global health issues, it needs to push for more efficiency in its drug approval processes. Photo: VCG 

George Fu Gao and his team from the China CDC diagnose Ebola in Sierra Leone, West Africa in 2014. Photo: Courtesy of George Fu Gao 
Global problems, Chinese solutionsHowever, China turned the SARS crisis into an opportunity to develop its public health infrastructure, medical and scientific growth and share its experience with the world."We learned a lot of lessons from the SARS outbreak," says Gao, director and professor at the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) Laboratory of Pathogenic Microbiology and Immunology. Indeed, China has openly and quickly shared information with its citizens and internationally when incidents of H7N5 and H7N9 or H1N1 had been detected within its borders.Gao, therefore, is one of the major advocates for international collaboration in global health issues."Viruses do not need a passport to travel, and this is why we need persistent surveillance and to keep doing basic research," he says. "Our knowledge and understanding of viruses are still limited."China's main partner is the US, and they have set up agreements with numerous other nations and CDCs across the globe - most recently, with the Brazilian Oswaldo Cruz Foundation (Fiocruz)."China, with its long-term expertise in fighting epidemics such as influenza, SARS, MERS, Ebola and others, can certainly be a critical partner of Brazil's surveillance system," president of Fiocruz Nísia Trindade Lima says. She hopes that this partnership will be a game changer for both countries' capacities to prevent and control epidemics. Brazil fought against the Zika epidemic in 2015. At the time, Chinese experts helped conduct research on the virus structure and pathogenicity, Lima says."Although our countries differ in several aspects - language, history and culture - the similarities in challenges and opportunities are remarkable. We have to join forces toward the health of our populations," Lima says. But China's foreign policy aimed at global health goes far beyond bilateral agreements. Together with the US, France, Germany, the UK and others, China coordinated a project to help the African Union set up an African Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in Ethiopia."Only if African countries build their own disease control system, we can have a safe world," Gao says.How did China get in a position to assume major global responsibility in health issues?During the outbreak of the Ebola virus in West Africa in 2014, China was at the forefront to fight against the viral disease, notably Gao and his diagnostics team from the China CDC, who deployed a mobile testing lab in Sierra Leone.Together with other nations, such as the US, China sent financial aides, medical supplies and human resources to Sierra Leone, Liberia and Guinea. It was China's largest humanitarian mission, Global Health Studies professor Huang Yanzhong from Seton Hall University, US, says."By helping Africa, China was also acting in self-interest," Huang explains. Numerous Chinese businesses are based in West Africa, which could have easily spread the disease to China. China's active part in fighting against the Ebola virus did enhance its role in addressing international public health emergencies."China CDC is now recognized worldwide for its excellence, its accomplishments in the prevention and control of epidemics and its role in supporting and strengthening similar organizations in other countries and regions," Lima says. A 2017 Forbes report titled China Is On Course To Unseat US As The Next Leader In Global Health, said that while China steps up efforts in global health, the Trump administration wants to reduce US aid contributions - leaving a soft power vacuum to be filled by China.Drug approvals - a stumbling blockHuang said that domestic policies and bureaucracy could be a stumbling block for this development."For China to play a big role in global health, it needs to have more innovative drugs available," Huang explains. "But one problem that hinders innovation is the time of approval for new drugs." The average time for review and approval of new drugs in China is more than three and a half years, while it takes only 10 months in the US. Regulators in developed markets approved 433 new drugs between 2001 and 2016, while China approved just over 100, Caixin reported in October 2017. Lengthy procedures increase costs for research and development. Combined with the risk of rejection, incentives for pharmaceutical companies to develop new drugs are low, Huang says, especially because of a lack of funding.Writer Liu Rui argues in his article for the Echo section of the NetEase that another factor is that approving a drug to the market is a huge moral responsibility affecting the health and lives of people. "The shorter the time of approval, the greater the possibility of mistakes, so most regulators will choose conservative and cautious strategies."But as much as a cautious stance limits risks, it also limits benefits to people in need of affordable medicine. For example, Tamiflu is the antiviral drug that many developed countries have been buying in bulk in the wake of the H1N1 outbreak. Taken within 48 hours after being infected, Tamiflu should limit symptoms and keep people out of the hospital. But it is expensive - approximately $100 for the recommended five-day treatment. After contradicting studies contested its effectiveness, the WHO downgraded the drug due to its limited cost-effectiveness. By that time, the US government had spent more than $1.5 billion to prepare for a pandemic, according to a report by the Atlantic in 2009.The Institute of Immunological Microbiology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences (CAS) has developed a generic for Tamiflu. The Chinese generic developed by the CAS should be more effective and also cheaper than Tamiflu, according to CAS spokesperson Bi Yuhai, so that people in developing countries and their governments can afford to buy it. The only problem is it could take ages for the drug to appear on the market."We have applied for a patent and are seeking cooperation with a company," Bi said. "But it does take time for a new drug to go from research to approval since it needs to go through a series of clinical trials."For generic drugs, which make up more than 90 percent of China's drug market, the bureaucracy of review, medical trials and approval are cumbersome as well."The Chinese Food and Drug Administration (CFDA) recently heightened control for generic drugs," Huang says.However, change is in sight. The Chinese State Council has acknowledged that it must accelerate the drug approval process. It has launched a set of new policies that were announced in October 2017. For the first time, China will thus admit overseas clinical trials, which contributes to improving affordability for drug development. The State Council did not specify when the new policy will be implemented, Caixin reported.In October 2017, a vaccine for the Ebola virus was approved in China, and the approval process only took five months, according to a China Pharmaceutical News report on March 14."As Beijing becomes more sensitive to disease outbreaks overseas and as the scope of its humanitarian engagement grows and diversifies, the space for China's cooperation with international actors over global health security issues will only expand," Huang notes in his recent research paper. "The depth and breadth of that cooperation though will continue to be constrained by the gap between its domestic and foreign policy objectives."Newspaper headline: Pandemic politics Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass How subsidized US soybeans hurt Chinese farmersIndian scholars become masterminds behind new wave of 'China threat' theoryXi vows to safeguard territorial integrity, warns separatists Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐