Online education company VIPKID's teachers gathering in Salt Lake City, Utah Photo: Courtesy of VIPKID
With 250 American teachers wearing orange T-shirts sharing beautiful moments from their journey as teachers, one can only feel that this is a big, yet tightly bound community, brought together by love for children and the desire to be a bridge between West and East. On March 10, some teachers of VIPKID, a Chinese online education company that teaches English to children under 12, held a gathering in Salt Lake City, Utah in the US. It is its largest ever teachers' gathering by far, themed "Journey."Utah State Senator Howard Stephenson spoke at the event. "VIPKID has grown from a startup into one of the world's most innovative companies, with the power of entrepreneurship and job creation. I'm proud that Utah is the state with most VIPKID teachers," he said. Stephenson, who has been deeply involved in education, introduced the dual language immersion program into Utah schools. Students are able to immerse themselves in a foreign language as early as first grade. Cindy Mi, founder and CEO of VIPKID, said, "Our community is unique and filled with the most passionate of teachers. They truly believe in inspiring every child for the future." VIPKID online English courses are well on the way to having 1 million Chinese students by 2019. To have a greater impact on education in rural areas in China, the company brought real-time online English lessons to 100 rural schools in 2017, and aims to introduce English lessons to 1,000 rural schools by 2018. Jenny Bruce, a high school drama teacher before becoming a stay-at-home mom, said that it was VIPKID that made her remember why she wanted to be a teacher in the first place. "It lets people expand and use their experience. Thanks to VIPKID, I can be there for both my students and my own kids." Bruce recalled one of her students, a four-year-old boy who was shy and did not make eye contact with her. She tried to be as patient as she would have been with her own children and slowly he came out of his shell. One day, they got to the word "hop." When Bruce showed him what "hop" meant by actually hopping herself, he got up from his chair and started hopping, saying the word over and over. It brought tears to her eyes. The moments that are most valuable to her, that are dearest to her heart, are "when the child and I make a connection.""You can't find part-time jobs that pay $20 an hour, especially in Utah," Bruce said. While bringing extra income into their families is crucial for many teachers, there are some things one can't put a price on; things that are "more important."  "The feeling that you can love someone on the other side of the world and be loved back is irreplaceable," she said.  He Qian, an educator with four decades of experience teaching Chinese as a foreign language, has retired after teaching at University of California San Diego. "I feel so excited to see a company doing this," she said at the event. Online teaching has made one-on-one lessons possible, she said, which have proved better than the traditional classrooms for language learning. VIPKID also solves the problem of distance, costs less than employing full-time teachers and no classrooms need to be built "Speaking from the perspective of a teacher, I think they are solving problems for many, many families. Such a good deed," said He. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Support for Oli conducive to China-Nepal cooperationChina can live up to Stephen Hawking's expectations for space exploration: expertsIs the Taj Mahal part of Indian culture? Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐