Artworks at the Xiao Yu: Translocation exhibition Photo: Luo Yunzhou/GT 

The Pace Gallery in Beijing Photo: Luo Yunzhou/GT 
 

Artworks at the Xiao Yu: Translocation exhibition Photo: Luo Yunzhou/GT 
 
Walking down to Beijing's 798 Art District and ducking into one of the alleys, you may come across a bungalow without any decorations on the outside aside from just a few words on the door, Xiao Yu: Translocation. Out of curiosity, you walk inside and subsequently realize that this was one of the best choices you have ever made since the exhibition inside is full of shock and surprise. Avoiding labels Xiao Yu, born in 1965 in North China's Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, graduated from the Mural Painting Department at the Central Academy of Fine Arts in 1989 and currently lives in Beijing. Working on contemporary art since the 1990s, Xiao has earned himself a good reputation abroad. In 2000, he was awarded the Chinese Contemporary Art Award (CCAA) and the next year he brought his most controversial installation artwork, Ruan, to the 49th Theme Exhibition of the Venice Biennale, Plateau of Humankind. Ruan is divided into two stages, one displaying ducks and rabbits biting the root of a tree, while the smaller stage holds a dead rabbit that has been torn into pieces. Bloody scenes such as these are part of Xiao's unique style. While this has won him the approval of some artists, many of his work have been seen as the "aestheticization of violence" by the public in China and merely copying Western shock art .Xiao himself, however, holds a different opinion. "Actually, the essence of my artworks originated from an Eastern context," explained Xiao. "Since there are only a few ways to access Western culture, a lot of people may misunderstand my work. A lot of my inspiration came from my family and my knowledge of traditional Chinese culture."According to Xiao, much of his inspiration stemmed from ideas found in Chinese Buddhism. While there is the idea that "the butcher can become a Buddha after laying down the knife," at the same time some deities in Buddhist art are depicted in aggressive and violent ways. For instance, statues of Mahasattva, a great bodhisattva who is considered to have reached a very high level on the path to awakening, is usually depicted with a wrathful appearance. Then there is Sivi, a deity usually depicted as a demon who cuts flesh. According to Xiao, he is trying to interpret the "violence" in Chinese culture in a brand new way. "The violence depicted in our culture is just a form of Chinese philosophy, and cannot be simply labeled the 'aestheticization of violence," Xiao noted. "My work Ruan aims to integrate the broken parts of bodies into a new life, it is an extension of Chinese thought."A new directionWhile Xiao was happy to have gained a name for himself, he realized that he had to continue to evolve and grow as an artist, which is why in 2009 he took off in a new direction - examining the social rules and systems in China. "The systems in China and Western countries are quite different," Xiao explained. "Many of us have a lot of misunderstandings when it comes to these differences. Since many art forms have been introduced from the West, many artists just accept these concepts and follow the original rules of Western art. What I want to do is break these stereotypes and encourage every individual to free themselves."In order to best convey this idea of breaking free from preset rules, Xiao decided to start with bamboo, a common Chinese plant that appears very often in traditional Chinese poetry and painting. "I chose bamboo because it has such a strong connection with Eastern culture. My goal is to find a different and new way to interpret bamboo," said Xiao.While the straight way bamboo grows has long made it a symbol of uprightness and virtue in Chinese art, the Xiao Yu: Translocation exhibition at the Pace Gallery invites visitors to see this material in a new light. As you enter the gallery, a hanging bamboo installation suddenly jumps in front your eyes as these plants, originally tall and gentleman-like, have been twisted, cut and even flipped inside out to transform them into unfamiliar and surprising forms that express their own essential and aesthetic joy instead of just conveying the traditional literary image. Although the meaning behind these abstract artworks may be a bit difficult to define, they are still able to speak to onlookers at a more visceral level. "I don't know much about contemporary art and I don't know how to judge artworks, but I do like the kind of expression Xiao conveys through these twisted designs," said Fang Yongfa, a visitor to the exhibition.One artist who visited with her young son told the Global Times she enjoyed the exhibition very much. "I brought my son here to cultivate his appreciation of modern art, but found that I was the one that was impressed. Both my husband and I are artists, and I must say the original ideas expressed in these works really spoke to me."  Newspaper headline: Twisting tradition Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass How subsidized US soybeans hurt Chinese farmersIndian scholars become masterminds behind new wave of 'China threat' theoryXi vows to safeguard territorial integrity, warns separatists Chinese-American,14, develops first app for Alzheimer's patientsStudying abroad costs more than just moneyAustin bomber blew himself up: police How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐