Shen Kaitao delivers a speech at the conference.Photo: Courtesy of JTIAOn March 20, the 2018 China Enterprise Going Global Risk Conference, hosted by Jiang Tai International Alliance (JTIA) and Jiang Tai Global Assistance Alliance (JTGAA) and supported by the China Overseas Development Association, was held at the Zhuhai International Convention & Exhibition Center in Guangdong Province.The conference is aimed at internationalized Chinese companies or those with an interest in having a global presence. Representatives and enterprise teams from the ministries of commerce, development and reform commissions, economic and information technology offices and other government departments from 20 provinces and municipalities such as Beijing, Tianjin, Hebei and Guangdong provinces attended the event. In addition, more than 30 representatives from Chinese cooperative trade zones in foreign countries attended, as well as more than 100 members from JTIA and JTGAA, with the total number of participants reaching over 2,500. The conference presented the 2018 global risk map from the view of Chinese enterprises, and included 15 area of focus such as Southeast and Northeast Asia. The report subdivided the risks into five levels from ultra-low to ultra-high through per capita GDP, business index, sovereign credit and other aspects, which covered 150 major counties and districts around the world. Experts analyzed the risk probability from the aspects of politics, economy, business environments, security, travel and  public health. "Concentrating on foreign investment, this problem-oriented conference will guide participants to focus on three aspects. The first aspect is improving risk identification, the second is improving security assurance and lastly, improving dispute settlement," said Shen Kaitao, chair of JTIA and JTGAA. "Our company released the information for public benefit. The China Enterprises Going Global Risk Conference has successfully held three sessions. Jiang Tai has devoted itself to providing various professional services for the internationalization of China enterprises and citizens," he added.During the conference, the sub-forum titled 2018 Global Investment and Trade Service Forum was set up. Guests from the Chinese Academy of International Trade and Economic Cooperation, China Overseas Development Association and a business officer from the Embassy of Greece in China were invited to make speeches. Shen pointed out that the proportion of China's going global market subjects are undergoing great changes. It has transformed into centering on privately-owned small and medium enterprises from State-owned enterprises. The private enterprises in the manufacturing industry have become the main force for enterprises going global. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Russian diplomat expulsions signal crude side of Western intentionChina prepares aircraft carrier for sea trialXi Jinping, Kim Jong Un hold talks in Beijing Remembering the 'Flying Tigers' eight decades laterSafety doubts leave self-driving cars facing uphill battle for public trustConcern as identity theft grows How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐