People livestream square dance on Kuaishou, a Beijing-based short video app. Photo: VCG
Companies that specialize in short videos are taking a wider look at the world as they weigh overseas listings and launch global versions of their products.Kuaishou, a Beijing-based short video app, will probably hold an IPO in Hong Kong by the end of the year, domestic news website lanjinger.com said on Wednesday. Kuaishou, which literally means "quick hand" in Chinese, did not respond to an interview request from the Global Times as of press time on Wednesday. Livestreaming platform YY Inc said on Monday its subsidiary Huya had recently submitted IPO documents to the US Securities and Exchange Committee to tap into the US market.Fu Liang, an independent TMT analyst, told the Global Times on Wednesday that for one thing, the domestic A-share stock market has too many requirements like company profitability and equity structure, some of which are "intolerable" for internet firms.According to the lanjinger.com report, Kuaishou will spend much of its $1 billion E-round financing in expansion and investment in overseas markets. Kuaishou's move is a catch-up effort as other domestic companies have already ventured abroad. For example, information content platform Toutiao in 2017 acquired Flipagram, a Los Angeles-based video start-up. In November, it purchased Shanghai-based short video website Musical.ly, most of whose users are based in the US. Toutiao is also pushing its own short video app Douyin into the overseas markets with an international version named Tik Tok. The Global Times also contacted Tik Tok for an interview but had not received a reply as of press time. Some domestic short video apps are heavily reliant on overseas markets. Hangzhou-based short video app Vivavideo, for example, had nearly 400 million overseas users by the end of 2017, and it has set up video communities in markets including the US, Japan and Brazil, according to a statement published on the company's official website. Liu Dingding, an independent technology analyst, said that Chinese internet companies should not wait for the "perfect time" for overseas exploration. "By that point, it may be too late. That's why short video companies are rushing ahead with overseas expansion plans, to gain an initiative," he told the Global Times on Wednesday. He pointed out that compared with hardware, launching a virtual product (such as a video) in overseas markets is relatively easier. Ma Shicong, an analyst at Beijing-based research company Analysys International, said that with years of technological development, local short video companies are ready for going abroad. They are slowly shifting from a pattern of just exporting functional apps to transiting content apps to overseas users. But Fu stressed that for most short video companies, especially those with more influence, the domestic market is still the "main battlefield." "Compared with other industries, the short video industry has developed stably and slowly for some time. But in recent years, competition for financing has intensified. Therefore, going overseas can be a good way to attract investment capital," Fu told the Global Times."Domestic short video companies that heavily rely on overseas markets usually go for niche markets. For big players like Kuaishou, they don't need to compete for such small markets as the returns are meager," Fu said.According to Ma, the short video industry is still on an upswing, but its outlook, "including its business model, is still unclear," she said. The sector won't become polarized, both Liu and Fu stressed. "The industry will likely tolerate differentiation with companies of different sizes and business directions," Liu said. A report released by iResearch in December 2017 said that China's short video market was valued at 5.73 billion yuan ($900 million) at the end of 2017, an increase of around 184 percent year-on-year. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-Philippines projects to start in South China SeaChinese president stresses focus of developing high-quality economyKoreas agree to hold leaders' summit in April Chinese-American teen honored with Army heroism medalFighting the good fightFresh voice How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐