Illustration: Chen Xia/GT
Daigou (an overseas shopping agent, literally "buying on behalf of someone" in Chinese) is a gray market in China. Although daigou are not legal, it widely exists in the country, as the prices for foreign goods tend to be higher in China than their countries of origin due to high import tariffs, consumption taxes, and pricing strategies. Recent news in Shanghai has alarmed local consumers that the daigou industry could involve more fraud than we previously thought. Police in Jiading district recently arrested an overseas shopping agent for scamming over 100,000 yuan ($15,918.80) from different customers by posing as a daigou based in the UK, Shanghai Observer reported.According to the report, the female suspect claimed to be a student in the UK; but in fact she has never been to the UK. She stole other overseas Chinese people's pictures from WeChat and uploaded them onto her own account as "proof" of her UK presence.Local police also found that other daigou in China often buy foreign goods from online vendors then simply resell them to ignorant customers at an inflated price. Worse still, some daigou sell fake foreign products using forged receipts. I was not surprised to hear this news, as I have long doubted the credibility of foreign products being sold by overseas shopping agents.I started to buy foreign products, mainly skincare stuff, clothes and snacks, from daigou during my undergraduate years. But after I attended a master's program in the UK, I realized that many foreign goods sold on Chinese social websites and e-commerce platforms are probably fake. While living in the UK, I found that most British brands are not much cheaper than the same stuff being sold in the Chinese mainland. Which made me wonder how foreign products on Taobao can be sold at a much lower retail price.Being a daigou involves trivial tasks, including overseas communications, buying the products, packing and mailing them, and dealing with customs. Therefore, I think shopping agents should charge at least 5 to 10 percent in service fees. Which would mean that it's pretty impossible to discount legitimate overseas products.One of my postgraduate schoolmates was a daigou. But she only dealt in expensive luxury products such as watches, jewelry, handbags and clothes, which allowed her to earn thousands of yuan in profit per purchase."If a client asked me to buy cheap foreign goods like cosmetics, snacks or street wear, I would decline," she said. "Spending a day buying, packaging and mailing cheap products only earned me a couple hundred yuan. I could earn more money simply by working as a waitress, which is less tedious and less risky."Some daigou claiming that they fly to overseas countries regularly often provide videos and shopping receipts to "prove" themselves, but this method is not trustworthy.Susan, one of my close friends, also started a daigou business in 2015, selling South Korean skincare creams and cosmetics. She used to fly to South Korea, grossing around 20,000 yuan in profit; but after the cost of her flight and hotel, she only netted 10,000 yuan. And if she was caught at customs, she would have to pay hundreds of thousands of yuan in fines and penalties, and also have all her products confiscated."We took cheap flights at midnight from Shanghai to South Korea and stayed in the cheapest hotels. We'd spend the whole day going to different shops to search for the specific products requested by our clients. The whole day was a rush; we didn't even have time to enjoy a meal or take in the sights," Susan told me.Considering the amount of effort she invested and the risks she encountered, Susan rarely flies to South Korea anymore to purchase goods for clients. But I still see her posting social media messages like "I will fly to South Korea next month, so WeChat me any item you want."I privately asked her how she obtains her products now, and she confessed that she simply uses an intermediary, then marks up the prices herself to earn a profit. What she is doing is ethically wrong, which is why you should always be wary of daigou.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Russian diplomat expulsions signal crude side of Western intentionChina prepares aircraft carrier for sea trialXi Jinping, Kim Jong Un hold talks in Beijing Remembering the 'Flying Tigers' eight decades laterSafety doubts leave self-driving cars facing uphill battle for public trustConcern as identity theft grows How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐