Cross-cultural couples hope that the express program for Chinese green cards in Zhongguancun Science Park will be broadened. Photo: VCG
 
Diana, a 28-year-old Chinese woman who previously worked for a big online education company in Zhongguancun Science Park, also known as Beijing's Silicon Valley, has recently started looking for a job. She married Chris, a 28-year-old from the US, in 2016.When she heard the recent news about Zhongguancun's pilot program regarding a foreigners' permanent residence card, known as the "Chinese green card," she was happy about it and thought that taking a job in Zhongguancun might be a good option.On February 27, the Beijing municipal government rolled out 20 new reform measures to attract international talent to Zhongguancun Science Park. The measures aim to facilitate entry into and exit from Beijing for international talent and open up channels to bring in and hire them. Among the 20 measures, the first is that the area will relax permanent residency rules and allow foreign spouses and children of high-level Chinese talent working in Zhongguancun to apply for the express program for the Chinese green card. The process will be more streamlined and the processing time will be shortened from 180 days to 50 days.Back in 2016, Zhongguancun launched the express program in which spouses and children of foreign high-level talent in Zhongguancun could apply for a Chinese green card. A publicity staff with the administrative committee who asked to remain anonymous told Metropolitan that the policy will be implemented after several months, and may be in action by the middle of this year. "It is good news. If he gets the Chinese green card through the express program, he will be saved a lot of trouble when applying for and renewing his work visa," said Diana.Visa and identity problemsAfter marrying a Chinese, some foreign spouses find visa and identity problems big challenges for them to work and live in China. Chris had a work visa from his former employer Baidu. Since he has resigned from his job, he is on a spouse visa now. He thinks that the visa process has improved in the last two years. However, in the case of applying for a spouse visa in China, there are still some inconveniences."The Chinese government requires that our marriage certificate from the US be authenticated by the China Embassy in the US. This would require me to ship my original marriage certificate back to the US, for my parents to ship it to the embassy to get authenticated and for them to ship it back to me," said Chris, adding that the authentication would also expire after six months.Switching between different visas can also be troublesome. According to Chinese law, foreign spouses cannot work under a spouse visa. Therefore, foreign spouses who want to legally work have to apply for a work visa.Chris said for spouses like him in China, if he were to work, he would need to switch the spouse visa to a work visa. If he left his job or wanted to be off for one or two months, he would switch it back to a spouse or a tourist visa. But if he wanted to return to work, he would have to switch over to a work visa again. Eva Sara Molaro, a 32-year-old Italian who works at a school in Beijing, married a Chinese man in 2016. Her husband is an interior designer, and Molaro is on a work visa.On a spouse visa, she needs to retain and renew a work visa every year, placing her future in China in the hands of her employer instead of in the hands of her or her husband.Molaro recalled that she has seen more than a few foreign spouses leave with their Chinese families because they could never feel "equal" to Chinese citizens or be able to fit in when their own stay in the country depended on external factors."I hope the government will either permit foreign spouses to work while holding a spousal visa or will issue green cards earlier so that we can really contribute to China's economy and progress by opening our companies, starting our businesses and raising our children here," said Molaro.With a Chinese green card, foreign spouses can set up their own companies here.Chris also hopes that he can enjoy the same benefits as other Chinese people, especially when it comes to education and property."We put a lot of emphasis on education for the children. This is a major issue," he said.

A night scene of Zhongguancun Photo: VCG
 

Chris and Diana Photo: Courtesy of Chris and Diana
Not easy, but worth itMolaro also wants to apply for a green card but has not done so, as she needs to wait for six years after being married to apply.According to the policy, the foreign spouse of a Chinese citizen must be married to their partner for over five years, have lived in China for more than nine months every year for each of those five years and have a steady income or financial support before they are eligible to apply for a Chinese green card.Molaro said even though the majority of people she knows who have applied did not get their green cards, she will apply as soon as she can."With a Chinese green card, I could both work or stay at home without changing visas. That means if I wanted to quit a job or change jobs, I wouldn't need to rush into the next job for the sake of a work visa," said Molaro. "Most importantly, I would not be depending on a company for my stay in China." Tom (pseudonym), an American teacher who has been in China for seven years, was married to a Chinese woman in 2015 and now they have a child. Tom has had a work visa for the past seven years. He usually goes out of China twice or three times a year, and since he has to register at the police station after every reentry, it is a huge hassle. If he had a Chinese green card, then this would not be a requirement.Yet, he found that, unlike the US, in China, one needs to wait five years after marriage to apply for the green card. In the US, you can apply after you get married, but it is better to apply after two years. "In three years' time, I will certainly be applying for a Chinese green card. My family, work and life are in Beijing, so I would like to live here as long as possible," said Tom. Broader or notSince the express program was first piloted for spouses and children of foreign high-level talent in Zhongguancun, 353 foreigners have received the Chinese green card, the Beijing Morning Post reported in February.But not all foreigners think it is fair to give a Chinese green card to foreign spouses based on the relationship.James (pseudonym), a Briton who has a Chinese wife and two children in Beijing, thinks that the pilot program for Zhongguancun is a sensible step forward in tackling the "brain drain."However, given that there are some foreigners who just want to get Chinese green cards by marrying Chinese people, he personally does not think the mass distribution of green cards to foreign spouses is a good idea as it would dilute the quality of a workforce that already has a questionable reputation. "I think the foreign spouses' credentials to work should determine their green card eligibility, not just their relationships status," said James."The government has clear rules for distributing employment visas in an attempt to provide some modicum of quality control. I don't see why getting married should allow you to do a job you are not qualified for," he said.He said a green card or long-term resident permit that is linked to an employment visa would be nice though, just to save the hassle of yearly renewals.Molaro, who plans to stay in China, said not all people with IT skills live or work in Zhongguancun. If the pilot program was extended to the whole country, it would be great."As we are planning on extending our family, we'd prefer to have a green card for me so that I can stay here with my family long-term," she said.Newspaper headline: Married into China Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Western sanctions boost support for Putin China helps boost Ethiopia turnaroundChina to respond 'Taiwan Travel Act' with military pressure: experts Privacy at risk if no improvement seen in laws over drone useFlight diversion nightmareDead serious How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐