A ship docked for maintenance at the Port of Slavyanka, which is a major port in the Russian Far East. Photo: Li Hao/GTThe recent 4th Eastern Economic Forum held in Vladivostok, in Russia's Far East, not only brought China and Russia closer, but also put economic integration of the Northeast Asian region at the top of the agenda. The federal government in Russia also highlighted the development of transportation corridors, which will play a crucial role in connecting countries including China, Russia, Japan and South Korea. While more foreign investors show interests in investing in the Far East, some obstacles need to be addressed. Global Times reporter Chen Qingqing recently traveled to the region to find out why it is important to build up infrastructure in the region. When a motorboat approached the port of Slavyanka, located at Primorskiy Krai, a federal subject in the Russian Far East, it passed by several shipyards where various shore crane facilities had been established.  The port, which is about 28 nautical miles away from Vladivostok - the largest city in the region - handles cargos such as timber and oil products and is considered as an important port for ships from Japan and South Korea.  Jambulat Tekiev, the chairman of the Committee of Regional Policy and Law of Legislative Assembly of Primorsky Krai, said he has ambition of making this port much more important not only in the Far East, but also in the entire Northeast Asian region. "It could become a new transport hub that connects China, Russia, South Korea and Japan. With much untapped land, it has huge potential," Tekiev, who claimed to have owned the port, told the Global Times in a recent interview. Government officials and business representatives vowed to form a closer tie in Northeast Asia during the 4th Eastern Economic Forum (EEF), which was held from September 11 to 13 in Vladivostok. Russia, China, Japan, South Korea and Mongolia all see greater regional cooperation as a way of counterbalancing rising trade protections on the global stage. Further regional cooperation also echoes Russia's development plans for its Far East, as economic integration requires infrastructure connectivity. In July 2017, Russia and China signed agreements on two international transport corridor projects Primorye-1 and Primorye-2, which would be involved in the transit of cargo from China to the ports of Vladivostok and another port city in the Nakhodka region. The Russian Far East is considered as the most dynamic transit location in Northeast Asia, as the Far Eastern railway accounts for 36 percent of export cargo at the moment, and the cargo turnover of the region composes 26 percent of the total turnover in the ports of Russia, according to official data provided by the EEF. While Primorye-1 connects Harbin, the capital city of Northeast China's Heilongjiang Province, with Russia through Suifenhe, the land port in the province, Primorye-2 is about to build an infrastructure corridor between Hunchun, a border city in Northeast China's Jilin Province and the port of Zarubino, which is about 40 kilometers away from Slavyanka. Although the port of Slavyanka has not been included into Russia's two international corridors planning, the federal government's focus on building potential seaports in the region attracted business delegations from China, South Korea and Japan.   Eye on opportunities Ji Wennan, an entrepreneur from Heilongjiang who has been investing in Russia for decades, said he believes that the port of Slavyanka will play a vital role in the region.The business veteran, who invested in various industries in the Far East, such as livestock breeding and timber processing, said he recently helped State-owned Hebei Port Group Co reach out to Tekiev, the Russian politician who has close relationships with local officials. "If the Chinese company and local authorities in Primorsky Krai could strike a deal of upgrading and expanding the port of Slavyanka together, the project will yield significant benefits," Ji told the Global Times. Chinese companies are not the only ones paying close attention to the regional development potential, particularly when the prospect of peace has recently brightened up on the Korean Peninsula, which has created more room for the two Koreas to work together in Northeast Asia. "After the inter-Korea relationship has been improved, South Korean companies are likely to expand their investment in the region," said Yang Jang-Suk, director of Korea Trade-Investment Promotion Agency.In addition, the Russian government has lowered investment barriers to attract more foreign firms to the Far East, which has been part of its top agenda, he told the Global Times. The Minister of the Russian Federation on development of the Far East aims at creating a favorable environment for investors, including improving site-providing procedures, reducing corporate taxes and streamlining custom clearance, according to the EEF. Tekiev has also met with business delegations from Japan and South Korea in recent days, who were interested in the renovation project of the port of Slavyanka, he noted."It's time to make the Russian market more open to the foreign investors," he said, adding that the first step is to build a modern grain terminal at the port by 2019. "We look for more partners from different countries, which will also be [a] risk-sharing strategy in project management," Tekiev said. Slow progress Some projects between China and Russia have seen slow progress over the years, which took its toll on investor sentiment.After years of delay, the construction of the Sino-Russian Tongjiang-Nizhneleninskoye railway bridge across the Amur between the village of Nizhneleninskoye (the Jewish Autonomous Oblast) and Tongjiang, a city in Heilongjiang, is expected to be completed this year, according to media reports. Moreover, the construction of the road bridge Blagoveshchensk-Heihe was launched, which is expected to open in 2019, despite rounds of negotiations in the past 20 years. "In some projects, although we [are] eager to attract more foreign investors to help us push forward infrastructure development, we might have encountered obstacles mainly due to the shortage of financing from local governments or companies, " Tekiev said. Russia's economic growth is still sluggish as Western sanctions bite. The country's GDP growth was forecast to reach 2.1 percent and 2.2 percent in 2018 and 2019, respectively, Reuters reported in June. Still, the economy will start to recover once the government increases its investments in infrastructure, the report said. While China and Russia ties are growing rapidly, some Chinese investors are drawn to the Far East to speculate on those newly unveiled favorable policies, Ji noted. "Unfortunately, some made empty promises," he said Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China offers trade friction solutionsChina won't yield to US trade stickChina must oppose US protectionism, hegemony UA pilots under fire for napping during trans-Atlantic flightExpansion work on Garden of Flowing Fragrance to beginChina's climate change efforts highlighted in CA How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐