Lord Michael Bates and his wife Li Xuelin Photo: Courtesy of Li Xuelin Editor's Note:This year marks the 40th anniversary of China's reform and opening-up. Global Times' reporters Xie Wenting and Zhao Juecheng (GT) interviewed Lord Michael Bates (Lord Bates), a British Minister of State at the Department for International Development, who is currently on a journey of "Walk your dream" program in China, to talk about China's past four decades of the phenomenal change. 
GT: It's reported that this time you plan to walk in 40 towns in China, which are the epitomes of China's reform and opening-up. How is the plan going? Why did you choose these 40 towns?Lord Bates: We had planned a much longer visit, but the UK Parliament has been very busy preparing for Brexit and so we only managed two weeks. We still hope to see many examples of how China has changed over the past 40 years, hopefully in the future we may have time to visit more towns.
GT: What made you go for this year's "Walk your dream" program in China? Lord Bates: In 2016, my wife (Li) Xuelin and I visited Caofeidian Vocational Education City with Yao Yichun, general manager of Beijing Caofeidian International Vocational Education City. In 2017, Yao invited us to undertake a "Walk your dream" walk from Beijing to Caofeidian (in North China's Hebei Province) to raise funds for vocational education scholarships for the poorest students. We thought it was an excellent idea and so here we are.
GT: How did you gain such a deep knowledge of China's reform and opening-up? Where did your interest originate?Lord Bates: My training was in ­political economy and so I have always had an interest in how economies work and develop. In the 1990s, I was a UK Finance Minister and was ­fascinated as to how governments could create policy which helped ­companies grow. Over the past 10 years, that interest has shifted to seeking to understand how the poorest countries in the world can create the right conditions for economic growth. I am Minister of State for International Development and I have been asked to focus on economic development. China interests me because it has lifted more people out of poverty than any other country in human history, so I am fascinated to learn how they achieved that so it might help lift ­others out of poverty, too.
GT: In the past 40 years, China has developed from a poor country to a heavyweight. In your opinion, how much has the reform and opening-up contributed to this? Lord Bates: The reform and opening-up led by Deng Xiaoping was, in my opinion, fundamental to the success of the economy: the re-opening of the universities; the opening-up to international trade and foreign investment; the investment in infrastructure and the re-opening of the Shanghai Stock Exchange were all policies that lead to incredible prosperity.  
GT: What did the UK think about the reform and opening-up in its initial stages? How did Britain participate in this process? Lord Bates: In 1999, UK-China Trade was 6.1 billion pounds ($8.03 billion). In 2017, it rose to 67.5 billion pounds. In 1999, China was the UK's 26th biggest export ­market, now it is 6th and could rise to 4th in 2025. The UK is the most important destination for Chinese overseas students - almost 100,000 students come to the UK each year - they are by far the largest group. The US sends about 18,000 and India comes next with 16,500. What is more, under David Cameron and now under Theresa May, UK and China have established a "golden era" for bilateral relations. It is a very exciting time as we have so much to offer each other. 
GT: What do you think are the most valuable experience during the past reform and opening-up for China?Lord Bates: People often refer to China as an economic miracle. I am not sure it is, because a miracle is something that defies explanation but China's economic growth has come through incredible hard work of its people. It's passion for education. It's belief in enterprise. It's huge investment in infrastructure and it's openness to international trade. ­Wherever these qualities are found on the planet, there is prosperity. I would add a further qualification though and that is the importance of peace in ­China's story. War is the greatest destroyer of wealth ever invented and peace is the greatest engine of ­prosperity ever invented. If prosperity is to flourish in China and in the UK, then we must have peaceful relations and trading together can help build that. 
GT: The rapid development in the past four decades has also led to enormous sacrifices, such as severe pollution. Do you feel optimistic that China will solve the problem? Lord Bates: I have not been able to see sufficient of the Chinese approach to make an assessment but the ­environment and tackling climate change are a major challenge for the international community because they are too big for one country to solve. 
GT: While international society has largely improved its knowledge of China in the past decades, it seems that the knowledge the West has of China is still far from adequate. Is this true? Lord Bates: Xuelin and I want to see much greater cultural exchanges especially from the UK to China. The more we understand each other's cultures, the more we can grow in mutual respect. I think there has been great progress in the number of Chinese students and tourists coming to the UK. We would like to see more students and tourists ­coming to China to experience the richness of the culture and the warmth of the people for themselves. We hope that our walks have contributed in some way to this ambition. 
GT: The special relationship between the US and UK does not seem to be as good as in the past after Britain announced Brexit. Under the new situation, do you think Britain should know more about China and deepen cooperation with Beijing in fields such as free trade? Lord Bates: I think there are some exciting new partnerships developing between the UK and China around the Belt and Road initiative; the UK was one of the first countries to join the new Asia Infrastructure Investment Bank; and London was selected as one of the first financial centers to trade the RMB currency bonds. There are more than enough common areas of interest for the relationship to flourish in the future, especially in financial services, technology and bioscience.
GT: As China advances further ­opening up, there are different voices. Some see it as an opportunity while others see it as a threat. How does one look at these two contradictory voices? Lord Bates: I think it is very wise for a foreign politician to leave domestic policy matters to the national government. In the UK, we have to make sure that we make a success of Brexit for our country - that is my focus. By instinct though I am an optimist and believe that human ingenuity can find a way through the most challenging of problems.Newspaper headline: Walk Your Dream Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China offers trade friction solutionsChina won't yield to US trade stickChina must oppose US protectionism, hegemony UA pilots under fire for napping during trans-Atlantic flightExpansion work on Garden of Flowing Fragrance to beginChina's climate change efforts highlighted in CA How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐