The Chinese mainland has further opened its stock market by allowing more overseas individual investors to open A-share accounts. Although the China-US trade dispute has further escalated as both sides lob threats of new tariffs, China's pledge to open its financial services market to foreign players isn't just empty talk.Central bank governor Yi Gang wrote an article, saying that China needs to promote comprehensive opening of the financial industry. The country has already set a timetable for financial opening and will continue to stick to its opening-up strategy, Yi wrote.Protectionist measures will lead to complacency and weakness, resulting in low competitiveness and hurting the industry's development. China has taken many measures to make its stock market more accessible to foreign investors. Although the stock market is undergoing a testing time of uncertainty and change due to economic reforms, China should continue to open its financial market wider to increase its global competitiveness.With sustained reform, China has seen a rising level of integration with global financial markets. The country has been increasingly involved in building a fairer international financial order. For instance, MSCI Inc's inclusion of mainland-listed stocks in its global indexes is a symbolic yet important step that will increase China's influence on the international stage.With "America First" as his guiding principle, US President Donald Trump has turned the US into a destroyer of the global financial order. US protectionism and unilateralism is an important source of many problems now being faced by the global economy. The world economy is at a crossroads and in desperate need of adjustment. China's economy and its financial market are not broad and open enough, and the country needs to be better integrated with global markets. China can serve as a positive force to reform the international financial system, but only if the country can further open up its financial services market to foreign players.The author is a reporter with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass India's ban on Huawei, ZTE to 'please US' will be opposed by local telecoms operators: expertsChinese Embassy in Sweden issues safety alert following tourists' 'nightmare' incident by local policeChina's ties with Venezuela at a key juncture UA pilots under fire for napping during trans-Atlantic flightExpansion work on Garden of Flowing Fragrance to beginChina's climate change efforts highlighted in CA How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐