Some repetitive work has been replaced by AI so that people can use their time to do some other stuff. Photo: VCG
  
Some applications of AI make our lives become more and more convenient. Photo: VCG  

A chess robot plays against a staff member at the World Artificial Intelligence Conference. Photo: VCG  

A robot owned by the China Construction Bank communicates with a customer. Photo: VCG  

A robot says hello to each participant at the World Artificial Intelligence Conference. Photo: VCGHundreds of kilometers southeast in Shanghai, the World Artificial Intelligence Conference is being held. According to media reports, different kinds of applications of AI were displayed: AI doctors helping find cancer cells, self-driven cars and AI coaches training table tennis athletes. Around this year's World Cup, Xinhua News Agency launched a large quantity of news and short videos which were produced by an artificial intelligence-based news platform named "MAGIC." It's difficult to think about whether jobs like journalists will be replaced by AI. There seems to be no job AI can't do. Could AI take our job in the future? This is not a new question, but it remains unanswered. Recently, Metropolitan interviewed people from various occupations and they shared their opinions about AI. Emotion matters"We use hands to inject our emotion into those desserts," said Lü Tu, 25, a French pastry chef in Beijing. For him, the job is not just to produce edible foods, but to express his ideas and emotions to consumers. He insists that making pastries takes craftsmanship with detail and creativity. Hence, he emphasized on the emotional aspect that AI cannot replace humans entirely. Lü is not the only one who shares this opinion. Xu Yawen is a hairstylist working at a hair salon."Robot is robot, you know, they have no emotions, no creation and appreciation of beauty," he said.Therefore, he doesn't worry about the risk of job automation. But he admits that the industry has seen some changes brought by artificial intelligence over the years. AI can help with designing hair styles for customers. But Xu still believes that customers need human hairstylists to layer or color hair for them because human hairstylists can work magic with their hands and robots can only do repetitive things."Actually, we are looking forward to cooperating with robots which can serve customers water and desserts," said Xu. Beyond technologyWhether AI could ultimately replace humans in the workforce may depend on technology and its development. When it comes to transportation or other public services, however, technology won't be the only thing we should consider.Wei Xiang, 25, a student pilot, believes that AI could steal his job in the foreseeable future."Companies around the world have made self-driving vehicles a reality. Technically, AI can take some of the jobs in the transportation industry. But before the introduction of those smart machines, many complex difficulties caused by cost, infrastructure and reliability still exist and need to be overcome. Among those difficulties, law comes first," he said. In December, 2017, Beijing gave a green light to road tests of self-driving cars and became the first city in China to release the detailed rules for the road tests. Then, on April 12, 2018, the Intelligent and Connected Vehicle Test Management Practices was issued. These are measures that establish regularization for driverless cars , but how to decide on legal cases involving self-driving cars is still up in the air in most countries. It could be a challenge because it not only relates to law, but some ethical issues as well. Should we treat those smart machines as truly intelligent members of society, tools, or as our competitors in the near future?Cooperation not competitionRather than seeing AI as a competitor, some people prefer to see AI as ideal cooperators. Ali Reza Nejadmohammad Namaghi is one of them. He is a university lecturer whose course is desertification."Artificial intelligence helps me to get better analysis results and it is really helpful," he said. As he sees it, AI can be used in many jobs and helps with development. Andres Armas from Ecuador, holds the same opinion."At the moment, we cooperate with each other. It can make our job become a little bit easier and more efficient," he said.He also believes that AI will free us from repetitive tasks, allowing us to focus on other stuff."AI has been around us for a long time, whether you have realized it or not and today's career path will be totally changed by AI," he added. Xinhua News Agency reported on September 13 that a study made by ASEAN (Association of Southeast Asian Nations) predicts that the sectors that will see the greatest rise in demand for new workers are wholesale and retail (1.8 million new jobs), manufacturing (0.9 million), construction (0.9 million), and transport (0.7 million).Meanwhile, lower-skilled workers in the service and agriculture sectors will be the most susceptible to be displaced.Under these circumstances, some people see AI as a threat while others see it in a more positive way. No matter how you see it, chances are AI is creating new job opportunities while eliminating some old ones. AI gives us a chance to think about ourselves as well as the outside world and to think of which kind of role you would like to play in the future. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass India's ban on Huawei, ZTE to 'please US' will be opposed by local telecoms operators: expertsHegemony will no longer pay off for USWhat I think of Beijing metro UA pilots under fire for napping during trans-Atlantic flightExpansion work on Garden of Flowing Fragrance to beginChina's climate change efforts highlighted in CA How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐