Three people from Hong Kong, Taiwan and Macao show the certificates of their mainland residence permits in Beijing's Hujialou police station on Friday. As of Thursday, 1,376 people from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan had applied for the residence permit. Photo: Liu Caiyu/GT 

Cheng Po-yu, 32, from Taiwan gets his residence card on Friday from Beijing's Hujialou police station. He is the first from Taiwan to receive a residence card in Beijing. Photo: Liu Caiyu/GT 
Beijing police issued its first residence permits to three people from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan on Friday, a move likely to attract more to work and live in the Chinese mainland. The three obtained their residence cards from Beijing's Hujialou police station on Friday. They can now enjoy the same rights and basic public services as mainland residents. Cheng Po-yu, 32, from Taiwan told the Global Times "I am extremely happy to be a new resident of Beijing. It's a milestone for me."  Many of his friends from Taiwan also indicated their willingness to apply for the card when they heard the news, Cheng said, adding five of his friends asked him to find a job for them in the mainland.  Cheng is the manager of Shougang Fund Beijing Vstartup Company Ltd, which helps Taiwan students apply to mainland universities, obtain internships in mainland companies or start their own business in the mainland. He said many young Taiwan people are eyeing internet opportunities in the Chinese mainland. "They can do things here that cannot be done in Taiwan." As of Thursday, 1,376 people from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan had applied for the residence permits, of which about 600 were from Taiwan, Wu Kesheng, an official at the Beijing Municipal Public Security Bureau, told the Global Times. They can apply for mainland residence cards "voluntarily" in 304 police stations in Beijing's 16 districts, according to Wu. Kevin Choy, 28, from Hong Kong was also happy to receive a residence card, saying the card would help him find a good job and make his life easier in Beijing. Residents of Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan have been allowed to apply for mainland residence permits since September.Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan residents living on the mainland previously had to use travel permits as their identification. Holding the mainland residence permits allows them to register at hotels, apply for driver licenses or professional qualification exams, or get train tickets much easier. The new residence permits will also enable them to enjoy public services and other conveniences that are basically the same with those of mainland residents such as rights regarding employment, social security, and the housing provident fund as well as benefits of compulsory education, health and legal assistance, according to the Xinhua News Agency.Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan residents can apply for the card at about 6,500 police stations across the mainland if they have lived in the mainland for at least six months, have a stable job or study. 
 Newspaper headline: Beijing gives first mainland residence cards Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass International community should listen to Myanmar voicesXi's China-Africa guidelines are the keys to the new global paradigmChina active in fighting global cybercrimes Mounting student debt burdening US youthsCalifornia makes Lunar New Year official holidayPooches in the Pool How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐