Visitors walk around the Indian exhibition hall at the 2nd Beijing International Travel Mart on Wednesday. Photo: Li Hao/GT 


Satyajeet Rajan, director general of India tourism Photo: Li Hao/GT  
A total of 253,128 tourists from China visited India in 2017, only a .07 percent increase from 2016, according to official data from the India Ministry of Tourism.Things don't seem likely to change much this year. During the first half of 2018, roughly 131,300 Chinese tourists have traveled to India. "Our expectation for the Chinese outbound market is very small. We saw just 250,000 [vistors] in 2017. We want this to become 1.4 million by 2019," said Satyajeet Rajan, director general of India tourism, on Wednesday at the 2nd Beijing International Travel Mart.To attract Chinese tourists, India has implemented a series of measures in recent years. On July 30, 2015, India established a tourist e-visa for Chinese citizens. In February 2016, the Indian Tourism Board released its independently developed app Incredible India to enhance visitor experience, and this year the country introduced an urgent visa that can be applied for and approved within 24 hours.Closer tiesAccording to Indian media reports, the two-day informal meeting between Chinese President Xi Jinping and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi in April in China's central city of Wuhan shows that the two countries' high enthusiasm for strengthening exchanges and cooperation in tourism and culture."Now we realize that Chinese tourists are willing to come to India," said Rajan.In recent years, yoga has become a trendy way to relax in China, especially among women aged 25-40. Currently, there are more than 10,000 registered venues that offer yoga courses in China. With millions of practitioners and a growing number of yoga schools nationwide, the ancient traditional exercise has become a cultural bridge for strengthening understanding between the two countries.Meanwhile, learning Chinese has gained increasing popularity in India. According to data from the Embassy of China in India, about 20 universities in India have Chinese curriculums, about 2,000 university students are taking Chinese as a major and more than 20,000 people in the country are learning Chinese.Indian film crazeOver the past two years, Indian films such as Dangal and Hindi Medium have been widely praised in China, leading to a box office boom for Bollywood in the country.For example, Aamir Khan's Dangal, based on the true story of a man training his two daughters to become world-class wrestlers, earned $190 million in China to become the 33rd film in Chinese cinema history to cross the 1 billion yuan mark. "China and India have entered into an agreement to make films jointly. Joint films will mean more Chinese will visit India and more Indian people will visit China," Rajan noted.  Film exchanges between China and India date back to the 1970s when some classic Indian films such as Caravan became extremely popular in China. While the import of Indian films cooled off for several decades, Indian films have once again started gaining ground with Chinese audiences in recent years.The craze for Indian films has also promoted audiences' passion for visiting the country. Many Chinese netizens have expressed their desire to visit India on social media after seeing films such as Dangal and Secret Superstar."When you see films, you see certain parts of India in those films. Those films and those parts will make you like to come to visit," Rajan added.Newspaper headline: Tourism push Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass International community should listen to Myanmar voicesXi's China-Africa guidelines are the keys to the new global paradigmChina active in fighting global cybercrimes Mounting student debt burdening US youthsCalifornia makes Lunar New Year official holidayPooches in the Pool How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐