Qingtuan, a kind of sticky green rice ball, are a festive food enjoyed during Qingming Festival, especially in southern parts of China. The food has a history of more than 2,000 years and is used to worship ancestors. Made of glutinous rice flour and wormwood juice, qingtuan is normally stuffed with red bean paste. But nowadays, the fillings are more diverse, including salted egg yolk, meat, vegetables and even durian.

Huang Lanlan (left), Hind Mab (middle) and Holly Elizabeth Miller taste-test qingtuan.
The great Global Times qingtuan taste testAs this year's Qingming Festival is fast approaching, the Global Times invited two foreigners and a Chinese woman to our office for a taste test of the most popular flavors of qingtuan. Which were their favorite? Keep reading to find out.Qingtuan stuffed with chopped malantouQingtuan stuffed with chopped malantou, known as the kalimeris flower in English, is widely eaten in Shanghai. But 27-year-old Huang Lanlan from Central China's Hunan Province said she has never eaten this variety of qingtuan.In terms of its fragrance, American Holly Elizabeth Miller, who has been studying in Shanghai for the past nine months, said it smells like green tea. Hind Mab from Morocco also agreed. After eating malantou qingtuan, Huang said she didn't enjoy the salty flavor, as she is more used to sweet qingtuan. She added that she cannot understand why people invented this flavor in the first place. In terms of the texture, Huang said it was similar to a cold dumpling. Miller also felt the flavor was weird. "I think the glutinous rice and the salty filling don't go together," she said, adding she would probably not ever buy it herself.On a scale of one to 10, Mab rated it a five; Miller a six; Huang only a two. "I think if I am not starving, I wouldn't eat it," Huang told the Global Times. Qingtuan stuffed with black sesame pasteAll our participants pointed out that the texture of black sesame paste-stuffed qingtuan is stickier and softer than the others. Huang felt like she was eating cold, sweet dumplings. Miller pointed out that it reminded her of a Japanese dessert called mochi.Everyone quite enjoyed the flavor of this qingtuan. Mab rated it a 10. "This one tastes much better. I really like it. I finished it first." Both Miller and Huang gave it a nine. "The flavor is really good, not too sweet and too plain," Huang said. "But it looks a bit disgusting, as the black sesame paste gets all over my teeth and tongue."

People wait in long queues outside Xinghualou restaurant to buy qingtuan on March 17.
Qingtuan stuffed with salted egg yolk and dried meat flossThis flavor of qingtuan was first launched by a century-old Shanghai-based chain restaurant named Xinghualou, and has become a hit. Every year, locals line up in long queues for hours and hours just to buy salted egg yolk and dried meat floss-filled qingtuan at Xinghualou.According to a recent report by Knews, it tends to take customers up to three hours before they can get their hands on this sought-after snack, with each customer limited to only four boxes. The Global Times was fortunate enough to obtain a box of qingtuan of this flavor from another local brand.Unfortunately, most of them did not enjoy this unique, popular flavor. Miller, for example, said "I don't like meat floss, and I don't like egg in meat floss."Huang also disliked the taste. "It is very sweet and also very salty; so the overall flavor is too strong," she lamented, adding that mixing flavors is common in Shanghainese cuisine. Mab was the only person who liked it. "It is not super salty. It is actually a little bit sweet." Mab rated it a six or a seven; Huang a 6.5; and Miller only a three. Qingtuan with red bean pasteRed bean paste is one of the most traditional and common fillings of qingtuan. But Huang said that after eating the previous three qingtuan, she had lost interest in trying this variety.Both Mab and Miller pointed out that it tasted sweet but not too sweet. "I like this one, but I like black sesame [flavor] better," Miller told the Global Times. All our participants agreed that the texture was too sticky. Huang and Mab said that after biting into this qingtuan, the glutinous rice stuck all over their mouths, and they needed to chew it over and over again before they could swallow. Huang had to drink a glass of water before being able to swallow. Mab rated this qingtuan a 5.5. "It wasn't that bad but not that great either," she commented. In contrast, Miller said she would probably give it an eight. "I like red bean, but I like black sesame better," she added.
Qingtuan stuffed with meat and mustardHuang said she just didn't even want to try this qingtuan the moment she read its name. "I don't like anything stuffed with meat," she explained, adding that it smells like leftover food that has been in a refrigerator for over a month. Mab was curious about how it looks inside, so she used her chopsticks to pry it open. Once she saw the ingredients she suddenly felt sick and refused to eat it. "It just doesn't look good to me. Maybe I shouldn't have opened it," Mab told the Global Times.Huang and Miller were also turned off. Huang said the meat inside made her feel that the qingtuan was "alive." Nonetheless, they both dared to try it but both disliked the taste. Miller's unpleasant facial expression revealed her opinion.Miller only gave it a one and she said she would never try this flavor again. Huang gave it a -10, the lowest of all scores.ConsensusAfter tasting all the different flavors of qingtuan, our participants agreed that they prefer sweet fillings. Each also agreed that their favorite flavor was black sesame, while their least favorite was mustard and meat.When they were invited to guess the price of a box of qingtuan (six per box), they estimated around 30 yuan ($4.77), which is very close to the real retail price.

A variety of qingtuan Photos: VCG and Xiang Jun/GT
 

A variety of qingtuan Photos: VCG and Xiang Jun/GT  

A variety of qingtuan Photos: VCG and Xiang Jun/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Russian diplomat expulsions signal crude side of Western intentionChina tariffs offer US a dose of its own medicineSlapping tariffs on 128 US items, China poised for further retaliation Remembering the 'Flying Tigers' eight decades laterSafety doubts leave self-driving cars facing uphill battle for public trustConcern as identity theft grows How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐