When darkness falls, Shanghai starts to shine. As one of the most fast-paced and diverse cities in China, Shanghai is known for its abundant nightlife options. In 2017, CBNweekly rated 338 Chinese mainland cities' nightlife index based on a range of factors, such as the operating hours of its metro system and the number of night clubs. According to the report, Shanghai's nightlife ranked highest among all cities, followed by Shenzhen and Guangzhou in South China's Guangdong Province, and Beijing.

Photos: VCG and Lu Ting/GT
Once the sun goes downFor foreigners living and/or working in Shanghai, what do they do for fun once the sun goes down? Are they satisfied with the city's nightlife options? And what are the differences between foreigners' night-lifestyle and that of Chinese night moths? To glean insight into this topic, the Global Times interviewed a number of expats around town.Angus Stewart from Scotland has been in Shanghai for two years. When he gets off work, he said his method of relaxing is quite British. "I just like to go home and drink a cup of black tea with milk. Nothing brings me more peace than a cup of tea after work," he told the Global Times Stewart joined a writing group in Shanghai with like-minded foreigners, which has given him something else to do. "The group meets once every two weeks, and our meeting lasts for about two hours in the evening," he said.Philip (pseudonym) from the US has been working in Shanghai for a few years. He told the Global Times that he usually exercises, relaxes at home or studies Chinese. Since his job is based in China, sometimes he has conference calls in the evenings with colleagues in the US or Europe, Philip added. Most foreigners we interviewed said they tend to go to bars, clubs or restaurants after work. For example, Maria Baneva from Bulgaria said she often meets up with friends at local bars or dining spots. "After a hard day of work, people need to relax. My mood is always happy if I have more time to enjoy life," she added.Likewise, Ben from the UK said he usually meets his friends for drinks or food, or just watches a movie. "Work is stressful sometimes, so spending time with friends helps me relax and chill out," he said. "It is very important to have a balance between working hard and having fun." Kenneth (pseudonym) from Sweden, who has been living in Shanghai for only seven months, said he usually goes out for dinner with his friends or girlfriend. "Dinner always leads to something else, either a bar, a club or an event somewhere," Kenneth added.Irina from Russia said she prefers to simply take a long walk on the streets or in a park, or sit in a coffee shop. "Just to help my mind relax from work," she said, adding that if she feels too tired to go out, she will stay at home.

Photos: VCG and Lu Ting/GT
Diverse optionsAlmost all of our interviewees said they have much more nightlife options in Shanghai than in their own hometowns. Kenneth, for instance, said that he comes from Stockholm, which is a small city in Sweden with only 1 million people, whereas Shanghai is home to over 24 million people. "There are lots of cool and amazing clubs here. I love it!" he said.Similar sentiments were echoed by Baneva, who said that in Shanghai she has easy access to various night clubs and restaurants with authentic food from different cultures around the world.As for Ben, he thinks Shanghai has more options than Britain when it comes to weekday evenings, as UK venues tend to close early on weekdays. "Throughout the week there is a lot more to do in Shanghai. [British] people are more likely to do things on a Saturday or a Sunday," Ben told the Global Times."Whereas in Shanghai I think you can do anything on any night. There are always things to do during the work week."

Photos: VCG and Lu Ting/GT
How Chinese and foreigners differAfter living in Shanghai for a while, many foreigners also have found that Chinese people's activities at night seem to be quite different from theirs. Philip, for instance, told the Global Times that the Chinese he knows go to teahouses, which the US does not have. He added that Chinese men like to sit around outside playing cards and drinking beer with their neighbors late into the night.Stewart from the UK found that many Chinese like to go out eating together after work, singing at KTV (karaoke) or shopping at malls. "Westerners just hang out at a cafe or a bar with no planning," Stewart told the Global Times.Kenneth thinks foreigners in general are more active at night than the Chinese. "Foreigners, usually on Fridays, want to go partying after a long week of work. But usually Chinese people just go home," he explained. In terms of the reasons for this big difference, Kenneth believes that because the average foreigner in Shanghai is here for only a short period of time, they want to experience and enjoy this cosmopolitan city as much as possible before they leave. 

Photos: VCG and Lu Ting/GT
 

Kenneth (pseudonym) from Sweden  

Irina (right) from Russia  

Ben from the UK  

Maria Baneva from Bulgaria  

Philip (pseudonym) from the US Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trump must act prudently to avoid serious consequences in SyriaTough China policy reveals US nervousnessOpening-up China's future growth path Arming teachers will not solve US school shooter problemsPaul Ryan to retire next yearMongolian moves How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐