HIV self-test kits are now being sold in vending machines at three Shanghai universities, namely Shanghai Lixin University of Accounting and Finance, Shanghai University, and Tongji University, Xinhua News Agency reported recently. Each HIV self-test kit costs only 30 yuan ($4) on campus, while its market retail price is 298 yuan.

A student buys an HIV test kit from a vending machine at Shanghai Lixin University of Accounting and Finance. Photos: Yang Hui/GT
HIV vending machinesIf students in Shanghai want to know if they are infected with HIV, they can now purchase a self-test kit from a campus vending machine, then deposit their urine sample into a drawer in the vending machine. According to media reports, each kit has a specific code, and in three to five days students can log on to a designated online platform to check their private test results.Notably, the process is anonymous and protects testers' privacy while freeing them from potential embarrassment at hospitals or campus health centers.So what do local university students think about this? What are the possible benefits and concerns brought up by having HIV test kits sold on campus?To glean insight into this new trend, the Global Times randomly interviewed students at Shanghai Lixin University of Accounting and Finance in Songjiang district.Unsurprisingly, many Chinese students refused to publicly talk about HIV/AIDS or the subject of sexual health, both which are still taboo topics in China, to the media; the few who did requested anonymity.Li Xin (pseudonym), a freshman, told the Global Times that she wasn't aware that HIV self-test kits were being sold on her campus; she added that she knows nothing about how to use such kits.Likewise, Zhang Yong (pseudonym), a postgraduate medical student, also said he did not know about the kits being sold on campus. But sophomore Jin Min (pseudonym) said he had heard about it but was unfamiliar with the process. Each of the Chinese students we interviewed said they support the idea of introducing HIV self-test kits into university campuses. Jin, for example, told the Global Times that students who suspect that they have been infected with HIV can now obtain their results easier, cheaper, faster and anonymously thanks to the campus vending machines. "If the self-test kits were not available on campus, high-risk groups who are already infected would never know their real health condition. Even after finding out that they are infected, it could be too late for them to receive treatment," Jin said.Another interviewee, Li, said students who are at risk of being infected with HIV should definitely use the kits being sold on campus, though the average university student might not need to.Postgraduate student Zhang said he is unclear about how to use a self-test kit and also has some issues with the price. "If the price is acceptable for students, and it is easy to use, then I think it is a good idea to introduce them onto campuses," Zhang added.

A student buys an HIV test kit from a vending machine at Shanghai Lixin University of Accounting and Finance.
Prioritizing sexual healthApart from Chinese students, the Global Times also interviewed a few foreigners in Shanghai about their attitude toward offering HIV self-test kits on college campuses.Macaira Furman, a university student from the US currently visiting China, told the Global Times that it is a good idea. "To be quite frank, sexual health is important but also something not a lot of people prioritize. Not many infected people are even aware that they have [AIDS/HIV], so it is good to test yourself and make sure you are healthy and safe," Furman said.Roberst Klumpenaar from the Netherlands said it is smart to offer HIV self-test kits to everyone. He believes that the sooner people are able to test themselves, the sooner they will know if they are infected, which can help avoid spreading the disease to others.All foreign interviewees said that they have never seen HIV self-test kits being sold on university campuses in their respective home countries. Arjen Falter and Martijn De Waal from the Netherlands, who are presently traveling through Shanghai, have never seen any universities in the Netherlands sell HIV self-test kits. "I don't know, maybe they have it, but we don't know that they do," Waal said.Furman also said that she has never seen any American universities offer this kind of self-test kit to students, at least not at her campus. In addition, Klumpenaar said he believes foreign students can buy such kits through other channels.

A woman takes the HIV test.
Self-taughtEach of our foreign interviewees pointed out that students in their respective countries can easily get tested for AIDS/HIV at campus health clinics.Furman said that some students have medical insurance that covers HIV tests. "But for those that don't have good insurance, something like this isn't accessible," she added.Klumpenaar told the Global Times that one of his friends recently ordered a HIV self-test kit online and tested himself at home. "It is very easy to do in the Netherlands. You can also go to a doctor or whatever. But if you are embarrassed, it is very easy to get them online and test yourself," he told the Global Times.Most Chinese students we interviewed agreed that AIDS is just one step away from them. Both Zhang and Jin pointed out that today's Chinese university students are more "open-minded" and tend to have sex, oftentimes without contraception, which puts them at a higher risk of getting infected. According to media reports, the transmission of HIV in China has the tendency of spreading to younger people. The average net growth rate of college and middle school student HIV carriers between 15 and 24 years old reached 35 percent between 2011 and 2015; notably, 65 percent of student HIV carriers were infected between the age 18 and 22, according to a report by China Youth Daily in 2015.In terms of how to prevent AIDS and HIV, most Chinese students interviewed said that, when having sexual intercourse, couples must wear a condom. "Male homosexuals are more likely to be infected with HIV, so a good prevention method is simply to wear a condom," Zhang told the Global Times.Our Chinese interviewees said society's knowledge about HIV and AIDS is still not enough, but that students have more and better access to information. Postgraduate student Zhang, for example, said school seminars about AIDS/HIV are his primary channel to learn related information."My school department previously organized a seminar about AIDS, and we were requested to attend the seminar. This is how I learn basic knowledge about AIDS," Zhang added.Sex educationAs for the sophomore student Jin, he said he learned some HIV knowledge online and through media reports. He suggests that local schools organize more "interesting events" to promote HIV awareness rather than just serious seminars.In comparison, how do foreign students learn HIV prevention? American interviewee Furman told the Global Times that the US public school system is very good about educating students on sexually transmitted diseases, including AIDS. But Furman pointed out that HIV prevention is not discussed in the US as openly and often as it should be. "You can find it, but it is not as obvious as some might think it is," she added. In the Netherlands, sex education for students starts at 12 years old, Falter told the Global Times, warning pupils about potential diseases they might contracted through unprotected sex."In high school and even junior school, at 12 or 13, you get a lot of classes and information about what can happen when you have sex, what are the risks, and what you can do to prevent or minimize the risks. So it is quite a sound system in the Netherlands," Klumpenaar added.

Macaira Furman, a university student from the US
 

Jin Min (pseudonym)  

Arjen Falter (left) and Martijn De Waal from the Netherlands  

Zhang Yong (pseudonym)

Roberst Klumpenaar from the Netherlands Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Reckless strike on Syria a shameless actUS, allies risk Russian retaliation in Syrian attackNational Art Museum of China exhibit shows off the best of BRICS Arming teachers will not solve US school shooter problemsPaul Ryan to retire next yearMongolian moves How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐