A little girl strolls in a park in Beijing wearing hanfu attire. Photo: VCG

A woman pairs a bamboo hat with hanfu attire for a visit to Beijing's Yuyuantan park. Photo: VCG
 

A woman dressed in hanfu clothing poses for a picture in a garden. Photo: VCG As more flowers bloom in Beijing, the number of people who wear traditional Chinese costumes or hanfu to visit gardens and take pictures has grown. While people in such costumes might have been mistaken for wearing Japanese or South Korean clothes about 10 years ago, traditional dress is now more well-known in China and is often seen at around this time of year. Recent years have seen traditional Chinese costume gaining increasing popularity among Chinese youth. "I use to envy the Japanese and South Koreans who could wear their traditional costume for special occasions. Before, people who wore hanfu would have been seen as weird or could only wear them as cosplay," explained 24-year-old postgraduate student Lin Xiao. "I am happy that people from all walks of society now see wearing traditional Chinese clothes a more cheerful thing." 

Friends take a selfie together in their hanfu clothing. Photo: IC

A young woman wearing traditional Chinese dress poses with a delicately painted Chinese fan at Beijing's Yuyuantan park on April 1. Photo: VCG Traditional costumes attract celebrities as well. For example, traditional clothes have become more favored by star couples at their weddings, and last May, Taiwan actress Lin Chiling appeared in a video broadcast in New York City's Times Square wearing a traditional costume.The popularity of traditional Chinese dress has risen to the point where even provincial governments are taking notice. According to the Chinese Communist Youth League's official WeChat account, a Chinese Costume Day festival will be held from April 17 to 18 in Xi'an, Shaanxi Province. The organizers also plan to make it an annual activity and have set the third day of the third month of the Chinese lunar calendar as the day of the costume festival. Hanfu is a general term for ancient Chinese costumes. While most Chinese see hanfu as the traditional garb of the Han Chinese before the Qing Dynasty (1644-1911), there are also arguments that the Qing Dynasty attire, including the qipao which was popular during The Republic of China (1912-1949) period should also be included in the term's reference.  "I like hanfu simply because they look beautiful," Wang Wenjun, 30, a hanfu fan in Beijing, told Metropolitan. She explained that as most Chinese women have a flat figure and sloping shoulders, they look better in traditional clothes which do not emphasize the wearer's figure."I do not choose specific occasions. I wear [them] on work days too," she said, adding that she wore a traditional costume to her company's year-end party last year.

A group of hanfu fans visit a peony garden in Zhenjiang, Jiangsu Province on April 9. Photo: VCG

A woman clothed in ancient Chinese dress takes pictures in the park. Photo: VCG Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trump must act prudently to avoid serious consequences in SyriaTough China policy reveals US nervousnessOpening-up China's future growth path Arming teachers will not solve US school shooter problemsPaul Ryan to retire next yearMongolian moves How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐