An aerial shot of bombed-out houses in Marawi, the Philippines, on March 28. Photo: VCG
Economic ties between the Philippines and China are warming up along with expanded infrastructure construction cooperation. Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte visited China on Tuesday to discuss with top Chinese leaders a contract, worth about $1.5 billion, to rebuild the war-torn city of Marawi, according to a report by the New York Times on Tuesday. Marawi, located in the southern Philippines, was ravaged by Islamic State of Iraq and Syria-inspired terrorists in May 2017, according to overseas media reports.Duterte also stressed Tuesday during the Boao Forum for Asia that the Philippines and China are "partners" in the building of much-needed infrastructure. According to a report by Philippines-based news website rappler.com on April 2, the nation's government chose a proposal by the Bangon Marawi Consortium, which is made up of five Chinese companies and four from the Philippines, to rehabilitate Marawi. The Chinese companies include China State Construction Engineering Corp, Anhui Huali Construction Group Co and China Geo-engineering Corp, the report noted. A project manager surnamed Hu from Anhui Huali told the Global Times on Thursday that the company is still holding preliminary negotiations with the Philippine side on the rebuilding project. "Many things have not been decided yet," he said. China State Construction said it had no information to disclose at present when contacted by the Global Times. China Geo-engineering Corp could not be reached for comment as of press time. The Singapore-based Straits Times in a report on Tuesday cited Philippine Housing Secretary Eduardo del Rosario as saying that it will be a "status symbol" for China if the Chinese companies get the project, as it means "they would like to showcase to the Philippines that they are here to help." The report also cited the housing secretary as saying that China does not "set conditions" and is a "true friend," stressing that the Sino-Philippine relationship is now better than the relationship between the Philippines and the US. Gu Xiaosong, an expert on Southeast Asian studies at the Guangxi Academy of Social Sciences in South China's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region, said cooperation between companies from the two countries to rebuild Marawi is a signal of a turnaround in bilateral ties on the political and economic levels."Bilateral economic relations have developed fast in the past two or three years, as both seek to avoid political friction and pursue closer economic cooperation," Gu told the Global Times Thursday. Du Jifeng, a research fellow at the National Institute of International Strategy under the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that instances of cooperation involving the rebuilding of an entire city have been rare in the past."Sino-Philippine economic exchanges have mostly involved agricultural trade. There has been also cooperation in the sector of infrastructure construction, but on a relatively small scale compared with China's infrastructure projects in countries like Malaysia and Singapore," he told the Global Times on Thursday."Actually demand is huge for the Philippines to cooperate with overseas countries in infrastructure building, as many of its facilities are backward. Now that the relationship with the US is receding, the Philippines is also open to more cooperation with China," Du said. According to Gu, it is not that easy for the Philippines to seek overseas partners for rebuilding a city. "For one thing, it takes a very long time for many of these projects to be repaid. Second, in cities that need to be rebuilt, usually it's not that safe to carry out work," he said.He pointed out that Chinese companies are more experienced at overseas infrastructure projects, given the progress of the China-proposed Belt and Road initiative, as well as the country's own rapid economic growth, which might have prompted the Philippines to consider China as an economic partner. Customs data showed in January that China's trade with the Philippines rose 8.6 percent on a yearly basis in 2017. 
Chen Qingqing also contributed to the story. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trump must act prudently to avoid serious consequences in SyriaTough China policy reveals US nervousnessOpening-up China's future growth path Arming teachers will not solve US school shooter problemsPaul Ryan to retire next yearMongolian moves How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐