The inside of WeWork Yanping Lu in Shanghai Photo: Courtesy of WeWorkCreativity is the power to connect the seemingly unconnected. The world's eye is on China while it transforms from a manufacturing powerhouse to an innovation-led economy. Chinese are now living in the era of "Created-in-China" instead of "Made-in-China," which is fast being coined as the latest buzzword when people talk about entrepreneurship and innovation. In 2016, WeWork entered China and opened its first location in Asia on July 1- WeWork Yanping Lu in Shanghai. As a creative community service and workspace provider worldwide, WeWork is a platform for creators, helping them make a life, not just a living. Upon its opening, it was 85 percent full, and the location was running at full capacity within one month as Chinese creators were so fascinated by the experience in WeWork. The company has a great reputation and there are many innovative industry talents gathered at WeWork.They currently have 13 operational locations in Shanghai, Beijing and Hong Kong. Together with its growing global membership, it is helping shape the future of how people work and live, making it relatable and bringing people together. As to further boost creation and innovation in China's economy, they introduced the Creator Awards to Shanghai in 2018 to recognize all creators while encouraging the local community to stay innovative, creative and give back to the community in China, awarding them with prizes of more than 6 million yuan ($953,000) for business development funding. In addition, winners will become members of WeWork and get complementary workspaces."China's 5,000 years history gives birth to generations of creators and artists, and we are here to help them by leveraging the global platform of WeWork to accelerate their growth and win business success," said Alan Ai, the general manager of WeWork China. "Fortified by a combination of strong localized teams, partnerships with local companies like Hony Capital, Sino-Ocean Group and Zhima Credit of Alibaba Group and a series of local initiatives to promote Created-in-China, WeWork is ready to enter the new era of Created-in-China through fostering creation and innovation while boosting the local economy."In cooperation with Zhima Credit, China's leading social credit scoring system developed by Ant Financial, Alibaba, WeWork recently pioneered a project in leveraging Chinese technology in building member experience. Zhima Credit has offered entry windows for WeWork on the Alipay app and qualified companies with eligible Zhima credit scores can have their service retainers reduced or waived when signing up for WeWork memberships in China.This year, WeWork is on a mission to support the country in transforming from Made-in-China to Created-in-China, nurturing a new wave of citizenship connected to their purpose. The new rule of success is co-developing in China, to generate technology from China together with Chinese partners. It is not about the transferring of technology, but about building value in China, for China. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Russian diplomat expulsions signal crude side of Western intentionChina tariffs offer US a dose of its own medicineSlapping tariffs on 128 US items, China poised for further retaliation Remembering the 'Flying Tigers' eight decades laterSafety doubts leave self-driving cars facing uphill battle for public trustConcern as identity theft grows How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐