The consulate generals in Shanghai of four Nordic countries - Denmark, Finland, Norway and Sweden - recently co-organized a sharing session themed Nordic Knowledge Tourism, revolving around outdoor sports, culinary cultures and design.Kasper Pedersen is a Danish young man. A few years ago he moved to Shanghai and brought his love for natural and fresh food with him. Pedersen now works at a restaurant in Shanghai, where he said that the spirit of Nordic cuisine is to "take what is around you now and create something new."His favorite dish involves picking fresh spring strawberries and eating them with a little bit sugar and cream, a Danish tradition. Before the invention of refrigerators, however, the Scandinavian people had to find other ways to preserve food for the winter. Traditionally, Danes preserved fish and meat by drying, salting or pickling. Today, new Nordic cuisines still use such ancient techniques. "You pickle something and it completely changed during the sixth months you have it. Now it's something different. You taste it and you pair it with something that it's been the season now."Nordic countries are also pioneers in gender equality. An important place to prove that concept started in the sauna. In Finland there is a saying that "All men are created equal; but nowhere more so than in a sauna."A nation of 5 million, Finland boasts over 3 million saunas, which are an important part of the local lifestyle and occupy people's homes, offices, universities, sports centers and even the wilderness. Lou Yongqi, dean and professor at the College of Design and Innovation, Tongji University, said that what impressed him most about Finland was its sauna culture, where men and women face each other equally and usually completely naked.Lou is also a visiting professor at the School of Art, Design and Architecture of Aalto University in Finland.Lou recalled that the university held its first board meeting in a sauna. "Finnish sauna cultural is exactly what equality stands for," he said. Outdoor activitiesNordic countries also share a deep love for outdoor sports. If one visits Norway in the winter, one will immediately notice how skiing is a way of life. Though Norway did win the most medals at the Pyeongchang 2018 Winter Olympics, skiing and other sports are also a national pastime.There is a saying that Norwegians were born with skis under their feet. Indeed, most Norwegian children learn to ski when they are toddlers. In Oslo, there is a special ski festival just for children under 12.If you prefer an easier, warmer way to connect with nature during your stay in Nordic countries, don't miss the latest outdoor trend in Sweden, called "plogging," a term merged from jogging and the Swedish word "plocka upp," which means to pick up. Plogging encourages people to pick up trash while jogging as an eco-friendly pastime contributing to your body, mind and the world environment. "We don't have an Eiffel Tower, we don't have the Colosseum, but I think by going to our countries, you will get a different experience, maybe something deeper, fantastic nature, sea food and culture," said Nicolai Prytz, the Consul General of Denmark on behalf of his Nordic colleagues.

A ski jumper Photo: VCG  

Kasper Pedersen showcases Nordic cuisine to the audience at the event. Photo: Courtesy of Rao Xuan/Spring Scenery Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China's 'combat' aircraft carrier to undergo sea trialsWhy the US started a trade war with ChinaTrump's car tariff tweet distorts truth Remembering the 'Flying Tigers' eight decades laterSafety doubts leave self-driving cars facing uphill battle for public trustConcern as identity theft grows How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐