Do you know how to make a proper bowl of fangbianmian (instant Chinese noodles)? If your answer is to simply open the lid and pour in boiling water, then you are living in the past. This article will refresh your perception on how to eat instant noodles Chinese-style. To make normal noodles tastier, Chinese people - famous for their passion for food - have been pushing the boundaries and testing new flavors with DIY recipes, many which have gone viral online. They often replace "fake" vegetables and meat included in the packaging with exotic delicacies and bizarre toppings. The Global Times recently challenged two foreigners and one Chinese to taste-test some trending new instant noodle recipes.

Gena (left), Hind (middle) and Zhou Xinyu prepare noodles. Photos: Xiang Jun/GT
Using your noodleThe instant noodle flavors we proffered for our guests - coconut milk with curry, pickled vegetable with hundred-year-old eggs, canned meat with scrambled eggs, and tomato ketchup with cheese sausages - filled our office with a spicy, mouth-watering fragrance and garnered various reactions from our taste-testers: Gena from the US, Hind from Morocco and Zhou Xinyu from China. 

Instant noodles with different seasonings 
Coconut milk with curry 8 pointsWe chose tomato-flavored instant noodles to pair with this Thai-ish recipe. After adding in all the original seasonings and ingredients, we mixed in some curry paste, poured in hot water, then waited three minutes. After simmering, we finally added coconut milk. Gena gave it eight points because it reminded her of American-style instant noodles, which she said has a very comforting taste. "It's familiar but also it's exotic. It smells so good and has the coconut. It's like a fancy comfort food," said Gena. Hind gave it nine points because she said it tasted so good she almost forgot that she was eating instant noodles. "It's more close to a Thai dish because of the coconut and curry," said Hind.Zhou gave it only seven points. A fan of strong-flavored Chinese noodles, she deducted three points because this flavor was neither sour nor spicy enough for her Chinese palate. Pickled vegetables with hundred-year-old eggs4 pointsWe choose a package of quasi-spicy Chinese pickled vegetables to pair with this traditional recipe. Since the hundred-year-old eggs are often preserved in a mixture of clay, ash, salt, quicklime and rice hulls and takes many months (not centuries) to process, getting one of these eggs out of their shell was not so easy. After cutting it into pieces, we mixed the egg in with the original noodle ingredients. After soaking in hot water, we tossed in some dried seaweed. Gena said she thought she would give this bizarre topping only one point, but the egg changed her mind, escalating her score to four. Biting into her very first hundred-year-old egg, her reaction was surprisingly pleasant. "It doesn't taste strange or heavy. I like the yolk. It's like normal egg yolk," said Gena. Hind was a little disappointed by the taste, and gave it a lowly three points. "Not my favorite. I don't like the sour taste. It makes me cough. The egg is okay. I like the yolk better than the white because the white doesn't taste like much," said Hind. Zhou found it not so much different from normal pickle-flavored instant noodles sold in the market. "The hundred-year-old egg doesn't have much taste because it is covered up by the strong flavor of pickle," said Zhou, giving it just six points.Canned meat and scrambled egg7 pointsFor this bowl, we chose an instant noodle with a dense pork bone soup as its base, then helped ourselves to as much as canned meat as we could fit inside. We tossed in a raw egg, which we tried to process with boiling water, but it didn't work. So we had to microwave it for one minute instead. Gena gave it a six for its rich ingredients but obviously was not a fan of canned meat. "The flavor is good, like a meat bowl, which is rich and yummy, but I don't care for canned meat," said Gena. Hind really liked this one and gave it an eight. "It's like comfort food for a hangover. I like the meat taste, which goes well with egg and noodle," said Hind. Zhou liked the huge amount of meat this bowl offered and gave it an eight, though she felt it would be much better if it had a stronger flavor.Tomato ketchup with cheese sausages7.5 points This was our most abundantly topped bowl of noodles. We used a super spicy hot pot-flavored noodle and paired it with sweet tomato ketchup, a slice of cheese and smoked cheese sausages. We microwaved all the ingredients together till it was boiling and well-blended.Surprisingly, our foreign testers handled the spicy flavor well. Hind gave it seven, saying she liked the unusual mix of cheese and spice. "It was spicy but not super-spicy. I can handle it. The sausages are also good," said Hind."It smells good. It's not very hot. I would give it seven as well," said Gena.Originally from Southwest China's Yunnan Province, where local dishes are spicy, Zhou gave her highest point, an 8.5, for this flavor. "It was a good appetizer. I could eat a whole bowl. Can't wait to cook it myself at home," said Zhou.

Gena, Hind and Zhou Xinyu prepare noodles. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China's 'combat' aircraft carrier to undergo sea trialsWhy the US started a trade war with ChinaTrump's car tariff tweet distorts truth Remembering the 'Flying Tigers' eight decades laterSafety doubts leave self-driving cars facing uphill battle for public trustConcern as identity theft grows How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐