Illustration: Luo Xuan/GT
The Global Times published an article last week, titled "Baidu's 'paid listing' search prompts calls for Google's return," in which it reported that Chinese users and industry insiders have been enraged by Baidu's search service due to its "scam ads." Citing users and industry analysts, the report said Baidu had been criticized for its paid listing model that prioritizes revenue over user experience, and they "urged a push for Google's search engine to come back, since it might make Baidu feel threatened enough to change."The report came as a surprise to some observers as Google was being praised and Baidu, one of China's homegrown tech champions, was criticized in the report. But this was obviously driven by a notion that a clear line should be drawn between Chinese tech companies and their US counterparts, and that they should be treated differently in a commercial world. Such an observation follows a logic that as long as it is a Chinese company, Chinese people should support it unconditionally, particularly in a case where Baidu is being compared with its US counterpart Google, which controversially pulled its search engine services from the mainland in 2010. It was widely believed that Google's exit was one of the factors that allowed Baidu to grow into a tech giant in China. But in the case of the commercial practices of Baidu, there are sufficient grounds to believe its paid ad listing model is flawed and that Google has a cleaner track record compared with its Chinese counterpart in terms of ads. It would be too narrow-minded to let nationalist sentiment override reasonable criticism of Baidu's bidding mechanism for rankings. Praising Google and criticizing Baidu shouldn't be politically labeled. Baidu drew fire because its paid listing model prioritizes revenue over user experience. Both Google and Baidu have their own algorithm technology, which is used to rank search results for users. And both have paid listings, but Google is believed to have superior algorithm technology, which allows commercial results to be distinguished from the natural results, thus offering a more comprehensive list for users. There is no doubt that Baidu has a long way to go to catch up with Google, particularly in the search engine area, which is the core business for both firms. If a company like Baidu is content with being a domestic behemoth and refuses to accept criticism and pressure to reform its flawed commercial model and push for technological innovations, it will never succeed beyond China. For the moment, it seems that Baidu has not done much to move forward. With a market capitalization of roughly $60 billion, the strengths and clout of the NASDAQ-listed firm remain largely confined to the national territory and it should really reflect on this fact. In recent years, Baidu has advanced into the artificial intelligence field. But globally, it is still no match for Google in the AI field. Baidu has encountered some setbacks in the global market, as evidenced by its withdrawal from Brazil earlier this year. But Baidu should not be deterred from venturing into the international market. Only by competing overseas can it truly become a global tech titan.In contrast, the success of another Chinese tech giant, Huawei, comes from the fact that it has positioned itself as a global tech firm that never stops innovating. Indeed, its success has led to bans in the US and some of its allies, which is aimed at containing Huawei's development. Those who view Huawei based on its geographic origin and seek to ban it are themselves driven by political bias and narrow nationalism.  Nationalism can never push a company and a nation forward; it's more likely to lead to separation from global tech value chains. At a time when China is moving toward globalization and further reform and opening-up, extreme nationalism should not be a mainstream feature in society. Otherwise it will only fan a spiral of resentment and undercut progress. In the case of Baidu, nationalism can only provide an umbrella, which means Baidu will have no urge to carry out internal reforms and focus on improving its technologies. That is why Chinese users have called for the return of Google to introduce more competition to push Baidu to reform and advance. The Chinese market would welcome the return of Google search services. Whether Google can relaunch its search in the mainland depends on whether it will commit to following Chinese rules and laws, which deserves another article. But discussions about Google and Baidu are not inappropriate, and competition between the two companies in technology should not be politicized.  The author is an editor with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Dance celebration organized by Consulate General of Argentina in ShanghaiHuawei's future growth lies in world marketIndia's attitude toward Huawei, ZTE shows contradictory mentality on working with China: expert Chinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of ParadiseBoyle Heights Christmas Parade How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐