Long Yongtu, former vice minister of commerce and chief negotiator on China's accession to the WTO Photo: Yu Tianjiao/GT 
Editor's Note:There's no doubt 2018 will be seen as a special year for Sino-US relations. The trade frictions started by the US is viewed by some as a turning point in relations between the world's two largest economies. Where are Sino-US relations heading? How to assess contributions made by the US toward China's 40 years of reform and opening-up? In an exclusive interview, Global Times reporters Xie Wenting and Bai Yunyi (GT) talked with Long Yongtu (Long), former vice minister of commerce and chief negotiator on China's accession to the WTO. 
GT: Since the beginning of the trade frictions between China and the US this year, many Chinese people believe that the world's two largest economies are breaking away from their cooperative relationship which dominated the past 40 years, and are heading toward confrontation. What's your take on it?Long: I can't completely agree with this opinion. China and the US have too many intertwined interests after decades of cooperation ever since US President Richard Nixon's era. Therefore, the relations between the two countries won't take a complete turn or reverse. It's undeniable that some new issues appeared between the two countries, but we can deal with them with new methods.For example, many people believe that the US is trying all means to contain China's rise. But the truth is China has already risen. No matter what the US does to contain China, it's too late. From my experience in dealing with the US, the country is very practical and cares about interests. It now has to decide whether it should develop good relations with a big country, which has developed and is still developing. I'm sure on this matter, the US, even Trump himself, won't reject the huge market opportunities here brought by China's development. The US should have the courage and wisdom to deal with the reality of China's rise.  GT: There is a voice inside US society that relations between the US and China should be completely unhooked. This year the fire of the trade frictions have burned from trade to technology and many other fields. Is it realistic to think the economies can "unhook?"Long: It's impossible to unhook so easily after years of globalization. It's even hard for the UK to unhook from European Union, let alone China and the US, the two largest economies in the world. Unhooking would involve lots of countries in the upstream and downstream of different industrial chains, thousands of transnational companies and countless small- and medium-sized companies. If a country thinks it can change the layout of the world's industrial chain by adjusting its foreign policy, it not only underestimates the market principle, but also exaggerates its own power. Although I think the possibility of "unhooking" is quite low, China still needs to stay alert. This means China not only needs to do its own things well, it also needs to pay special attention to the layout of the world's industrial chain. 
GT: You previously said that as long as a large number of transnational corporations exist and science and technology is developing, the trend toward globalization won't change. But a series of isolationist policies have been adopted by US President Donald Trump to appeal to his base who think they haven't benefitted from globalization. They used their vote to tell the world they can't be underestimated. Which trend do you predict will prevail in the future: globalization or anti-globalization? How can conflict between the two sides be resolved?Long: The question should be looked at from two perspectives. Globalization not only brings benefits to large transnational companies, but it also empowers small- and medium-sized companies. For example, the internet and cross-border e-commerce has enabled once marginalized small- and medium-sized companies to compete with large transnational companies on the same stage. This has led to a huge shift in the global business power.  As to why some small- and medium-sized companies as well as the grassroots in the US or European countries resist globalization, it's because these countries haven't taken effective measures to better integrate the benefits of globalization into different groups of people. This isn't the fault of globalization. It's the fault of some governments in economic and social policy planning and social management. When I make speeches overseas, people ask me why there are no anti-globalization forces and anti-reform and opening-up forces in China. My answer is that China pays attention to addressing problems of the increasing development gap among different regions, and cares about the impoverished and vulnerable groups. The US and other Western countries can learn from China to implement more effective measures to guarantee the benefits of globalization are spread to different groups. 
GT: As for the WTO, a topic that is constantly talked about is whether China has fulfilled its promises when joining the WTO. What's your take on this? What are the areas that some Western countries aren't satisfied with?Long: China has kept its promise of carrying out concrete measures to open its markets, including lowering tariffs. It implemented these measures much earlier than the set timeframe. Now what the world is most dissatisfied with is China's failure to keep its promise of "national treatment" that the WTO requires. "National treatment" requires giving equal status to State-owned companies, private firms and foreign enterprises. I give 80 points to China in meeting its commitments to the WTO. I deduct 20 points in the area of national treatment. In fact, we still haven't completely resolved the issue of giving the private companies equal treatment. This is the reason why President Xi Jinping repeatedly stressed on the problem after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China and recently convened a symposium on private enterprises, which is the best response to the international society's concern on this issue. But there is a long road to go to implement these ideas. Now some officials still display deep-rooted "left" thoughts. For example, they think that if they frequently contact private enterprises and grant them loans, they are hobnobbing with private companies, which may bring political risks. My perspective is whether a company is State-owned, private or foreign-funded, as long as it is registered in China, pays tax to the Chinese government and provides employment for Chinese citizens, it is a Chinese company. Many people have accepted this opinion in the past decade. But it is still hard to implement. This is a key issue that we need to address in improving the future business environment. 
GT: If the US wants to abandon WTO and set up another world trade system, will it be successful?Long: I think what Trump wants to do isn't to start all over again. He wants to follow the path of unilateralism without the intention of setting up a new system of multilateralism.Under this premise, if the US is headstrong in pursuing its own course, we can learn from Japan and Australia which set up a new trade pact without the US. We can have a WTO without the US.  From China's perspective, we don't want this to happen. But we cannot decide for the US. We can just hope that they won't go too far down this path. 
GT: There is a voice that says China's economic achievements made in the past 40 years of reform and opening-up are due to the free ride from the US. How do you evaluate this?Long: It's unintelligible, absurd logic. China's economy has kept rising over the past years but the US' economy is descending. How can a rising economy get a "free ride" on a descending economy?When the world evaluates China's reform and opening-up, they stress three major aspects. The first is we have lifted 700 million people out of poverty. Has the US provided any help during this process?The second is that China has built the largest world factory. This is partly due to the shift in the world's industrial chain, and much is owed to the huge sacrifice and contributions made by China's migrant workers. They left their hometowns, used their blood and sweat to accumulate the "first bucket of gold" for China's economic development. If this success is attributed to US contributions, not even US citizens will believe it. The third is we have built the world's best infrastructure, thanks to the foresight of Chinese leaders and builders. Also in this regard, assistances from countries and regions including Japan, Hong Kong and Macao are bigger than the US'. Newspaper headline: Inseparable ties Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Canada will pay for its bad behaviorEthiopian Airlines denies sexual harassment of traineeFlyzoo Hotel - the world's first future hotel opens Chinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of ParadiseBoyle Heights Christmas Parade How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐