Illustration: Xia Qing/GT
A Veriety report titled "Crazy Rich Asians Flops in China" caught my eye this week shortly after the box office results amounted to around one million dollars' worth of sales. Considering the Number One blockbuster of the summer broke barriers in the United States and on a global level grossed nearly 250 million dollars, the sales figures in the vast economically booming land of China were low.Well let's start by stating that the movie wasn't exactly set up to win here in the first place. Crazy Rich Asians opened in America in August and gained a lot of buzz during the summer and on the last day of November, many months after the original release, it finally got released in China! Not to mention an all Asian cast with a familiar storyline isn't quite a novelty in a land of almost 1.4 billion Chinese, who would prefer to support movies with their known Chinese actors as opposed to westernized actors playing stereotypical Asian roles in a foreign film.Crazy Rich Asians (2018), based on the book of the same name by Kevin Kwan, tells the story of a Chinese-American woman (starred by Constance Wu) who travels with her boyfriend (starred by Henry Golding) to Singapore, where she discovers she's unwittingly been dating the heir to an incredibly wealthy family and one of Asia's most eligible bachelors. Hijinks ensue and the movie presents Asians with expensive habits, extravagant weddings and family secrets of mental health which they try to conceal to preserve "face." The movie deals with issues that on the surface may appear to be stereotypical, but if you dig deeper into the meaning you can use it as a learning point to show how to communicate with family members and at the same time, we can appreciate the comedic elements in this "watershed" moment in US movie pop-culture.One article critiqued the film as a "putrid petri dish of obnoxious gender stereotypes, this thing could've been released in 1961." Wow! That's quite a harsh statement. I, personally, found the film light and fun and similar to films like My Big Fat Greek Wedding in 2002. Sometimes movie roles are based on stereotypes and while most times they are false, sometimes they can be funny to laugh at! That's why movies are made, to entertain us and allow us to laugh at the absurdities of life.  The important thing that everyone missed about this movie was that it did smash barriers in America by being the first all Asian cast since The Joy Luck Club in 1993. It's also given Asian artists a name in America as the soundtrack consisted of many popular American songs being covered by Asian singers and rappers. Even Chinese stars like Katherine Ho and Vava were featured on the soundtrack. The movie won the Hollywood Breakthrough Award and was nominated by Forbes as an Academy Award contender.In fact, the director Jon Chu insists he is trying to fight Asian stereotypes in film and there is already a sequel in the works. I hope people focus on all the positive outcomes from the success of this movie. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass If Canada wants to fool China with its judicial independence excuse in Huawei CFO case, it's gravely mistakenWashington's move to stifle Huawei will undermine itselfTop engineer discloses how China deals with foreign intelligence-backed cyber attacks On-demand streaming changing our habitsChildren return to schoolLA Auto Show How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐