Illustration: Liu Rui/GT
Artificial intelligence has helped people gather knowledge and eased their adaptability in the world, with the power to perform various services that human beings are capable of. In recent years, intelligent traffic management, mobile e-commerce and internet finance have become popular in the field of governance. Government administration is essentially a service, part of which could be integrated and coordinated as a whole. Artificial intelligence and its use on the internet has modernized governance with help from Big Data. Western countries dominate reputed governance indices. Under Western prejudice, China's recent achievements in development have not been fully appreciated by such indices. Chinese academic circles can use artificial intelligence and Big Data technology to build a scientific and objective governance index of global repute, breaking the Western world's index monopoly. Such a measure would prove to be a reliable barometer of China's major international strategies.First, the formation of a governance index will improve China's soft power and help spread its voice. It will make governance measurable, showcase China's achievements and project them on world stage. The annual ranking given by the index will have an impact on other countries, which may want to understand the reason behind their place on it and bring changes to their governance to rise up the rungs. China could promote its governance practices and experiences to the world through the State governance index.Second, cooperation under the Belt and Road initiative (BRI) provides a broad spectrum for the setting of the index. The BRI involves more than 60 countries and regions, on which Chinese academic research, especially comparative study, is relatively weak. In the era of Big Data, a comparative evaluation of these countries and regions must not be limited to the qualitative judgment of summarizing their knowledge, but rather be based on the basis of collecting and digging out transnational Big Data. On the basis of Big Data collection, the governance index could assist in investment risk assessment for BRI countries. Last but not least, the index must be systematic and hierarchical. It can be divided into three levels, with each covering the lower one and the third-level indicators having direct measurability and data availability. The first-level indicators judge the facility, order, efficiency, rule of law, and innovation. The first three items are "basic indicators" and the last two "optimization indicators."These five items are linked. "Facility" is the basic condition, which ensures proximity and convenience of people-to-people and people-to-things. Without infrastructure, governance is empty talk. "Order" guarantees the stable operation of people, facilities and society. Based on facility and order, "efficiency" is the core of governance. "Rule of law" is institutionalized guarantee for long-term effective operation of the first three items. And "innovation" is dynamic for sustainable development of governance.On the basis of a governance index system, it is possible to assign annual rankings, prepare annual reports and other related assessments, and to build a database every year, providing necessary preconditions and support for China to consolidate the right to speak out.The author is a senior fellow with the AI and Big Data Index Research Institute at East China University of Political Science and Law. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Canada will pay for its bad behaviorWhy Trump withdrew troops from SyriaChristmas is celebrated in China, but 
excessive commercialization is curbed No country can dominate AfricaChinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of Paradise How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐