Outside the hotel where Chinese President Xi Jinping and his US counterpart Donald Trump met Saturday night in Buenos Aires, Argentina, many people on the street halted with an expression of curiosity. Everyone was trying to guess what kind of deal can be made between China and the US. The dinner meeting between the top leaders of the two countries lasted two and a half hours, far beyond the scheduled time. Information acquired from some sources suggested that China and the US had abandoned the original plan to allow their leaders to meet around one hour earlier. The flexibility of the meeting was completely unexpected. This means communication between China and the US must be highly efficient and both sides have shown their sincerity to reach a consensus. No matter whether the current deal is the best ending of the trade conflict, it is clear that both sides have a strong desire to negotiate. The way in which China and the US engage with each other has been shifted from accusations to one of finding solutions. Maybe there were some last minute changes and surprises ahead of the dinner meeting, but China and the US found a way out.Some people may have noticed that there were a number of intensive bilateral talks during this year's G20 summit. The meeting between Xi and Trump finished just several hours after the conclusion of G20, allowing world leaders who had not yet left Argentina to continue their communication.In the trade war truce reached by China and the US during the summit, the White House said China has agreed to start purchasing agricultural products from US farmers immediately. Such measures will soon have a great impact on the global value chain and the world's major food exporting countries.White House adviser Peter Navarro, known for being a hawk on China, was initially not scheduled to go to Argentina, but attended the meeting on Saturday. His presence is not necessarily a bad thing, because there is a possibility that it is the Trump administration's posture that the deal has received recognition from the trade hawks. However, the economic picture between China and the US is complex and uneven. No one can promise if things will not turn sour again. We need to accomplish as much as possible while there is a truce on the trade war.  The authors are reporters with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US double standards worsen Rohingya crisisEast China city denies beating, killing dogs amid campaign to reign in dog-raisers' behaviorsChina sells US Treasury bonds to support yuan, not to hit back over trade war: experts US to appeal judge's order barring asylum restrictionsCommunities mourn the loss of media pioneer Xie YiningHollywood Christmas Parade How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐