Instructors from Tango Bang studio show off their tango steps. Photo: Courtesy of the Consulate General of Argentina in ShanghaiTo the timeless music of "Por Una Cabeza," written in 1935 by Carlos Gardel, the annual World Tango Day celebration organized by the Consulate General of Argentina in Shanghai was held recently.Tango is celebrated worldwide every December 11 to commemorate the birthday of singer and songwriter Carlos Gardel and composer Julio de Caro, the two most-prominent figures in the history of tango. It has been a long tradition for the consulate in Shanghai to hold this annual event. This year's festivities were marked by a live concert performed by Shanghai-based tango band The Gardel Trio and Argentine singer Daniela Bessia followed by performances given by the Carlos Gardel Tango School, Tango Go and Tango Bang studios amid samplings of Argentinian wine and pastries. Tango is a partner dance that originated in the late 19th century in Argentina. At the beginning of the 20th century, dancers and orchestras from Buenos Aires traveled to Europe, where Tango spread to the rest of the world. In 2009, Tango was listed as a UNESCO intangible cultural heritage. According to Pablo Obregón, the Consul General of Argentina in Shanghai, tango has enjoyed rising momentum in Shanghai in recent years, especially with the opening of the Carlos Gardel Tango School, which was launched in September in Shanghai. It is the third branch of the school in China following Beijing and Chengdu of Southwest China's Sichuan Province.

Argentine singer Daniela Bessia performs on stage at the event. Photo: Courtesy of the Consulate General of Argentina in Shanghai A new place to tango"This year is particularly good for tango here in Shanghai because we opened the new school. It allows more Chinese people to dance. We are very proud of having a new school and a new place to tango. Each year, when we celebrate World Tango Day, we notice that more and more people are showing up," said Obregón, who took office as the Consul General of Argentina in Shanghai this September. "2018 is a special year for the relationship between Argentina and China, and culture is an important part of that relationship," said Obregón.In the coming years, Obregón told the Global Times that the Consulate General of Argentina in Shanghai will organize many more events to facilitate communication in tango, education and tourism between the two countries. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Let China, US meet half way to reduce conflictWhy reform and opening-up is the only path for ChinaMyanmar peace crucial for China's security Chinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of ParadiseBoyle Heights Christmas Parade How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐