Illustration: Lu Ting/GTA new article titled "A Screen that Changes Destiny" published by China Youth Daily on recently went viral on Chinese social media recently.Since 2002, around 72,000 rural students have been attending a program which webcasts real-time classes from the prestigious Chengdu No.7 High School in Southwest China's Sichuan Province; 88 of their students went on to attend Peking University or Tsinghua University and many have obtained a bachelor's degree. The author pointed out that rural students are trapped in their poverty-stricken hometown and have no idea about life in more developed regions; the webcast offers them a sort of virtual ladder to climb out from their current situation. The article raised heated discussions, however, with divided opinions on using live-streaming knowledge sharing to boost rural education. Some netizens are concerned that the course content at top high schools is difficult for rural students; others are worried that this measure tends to diminish the importance of rural teachers, as rural students can now simply rely on live-streaming courses. Some also criticized the huge investment of the live-streaming program. The cost for one live-streaming class is up to 70,000 yuan ($10,150.52)  per year,  plus other expenses in equipment usage, thepaper.cn reported in December.Despite the high costs of live-streaming courses and potential drawbacks in the application process, I personally support rural schools that participate in this project. One reason is that, compared with other methods to enhance rural education, such as migrating top urban teachers to rural areas, the live-streaming is more practical. Top teachers are precious educational resources in China. Even in first-tier cities, it takes an urban family millions of yuan to compete for school-district housing, which can guarantee better resources for their children. Without this live-streaming project, it is fair to say that students in some of China's poorest regions might never be able to attend a course taught by a teacher from Chengdu No.7 High School. But technology made this happen, and at a much more affordable price.With sponsorships from the local government, rural students can now connect with top teachers through live-streaming and learn courses under the guidance of urban teachers. This will expose them to better learning methods and help them to study more effectively. Another reason is that it enables rural students to know that a knowledge gap exists between them and urban students, which will encourage them to catch up with their urban counterparts. The earlier they realize that a gap exists, the harder they will work. Without these webcasts, rural students might always live in their "small countryside bubbles" and never know how their urban peers live - and, more importantly, why their urban peers have more success in education than they do.According to the China Youth Daily report, in the first-year of the project, rural students in a high-school in Luquan, Southwest China's Yunnan Province, had a 50-score gap of average test scores compared with their peers at Chengdu No.7 High School.But in the third year, the score gap was narrowed to only six, according to Wang Hongjie, the program manager. One improvement I would suggest is to organize more online interaction between urban teachers and rural students. For instance, after each course, students could give their feedback to teachers via the platform; they can ask the teachers about specific knowledge points they don't understand.As the Chinese government aims to promote integrative development of rural and urban compulsory education and reduce education inequality between urban and rural areas, live-streaming classrooms and remote learning are potential methods to realize these goals.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Let China, US meet half way to reduce conflictWhy reform and opening-up is the only path for ChinaMyanmar peace crucial for China's security Chinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of ParadiseBoyle Heights Christmas Parade How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐