Illustration: Luo Xuan/GT
 
The bias against Huawei Technologies, solely based on the political considerations of the US government, seems to be spreading to some US allies. At the behest of the US, Australia has joined the US in banning the use of Huawei 5G mobile equipment and other countries, including New Zealand, Canada, Japan, and possibly the UK are set to follow suit.US politicians have been concerned about the competitive threat from Huawei's increasing technological edge, but these actions are unlikely to hold back the rising tech star, experts say. However, foreign restrictions would almost certainly hold back the impending deployment of 5G globally, as well as the evolution of big data, artificial intelligence (AI) and other new areas of the tech industries in these other countries. A ban on Huawei technology would also set a dangerous precedent in these countries, with tens of thousands of future high-paying jobs at stake. Thanks to the high-speed mobile broadband delivered by Huawei 4G gear, China has gained a leading position in mobile business, including mobile payment, shopping, car hailing, delivery services and more. Huawei's 4G TD-LTE technological platform is so powerful that Chinese passengers in high-speed trains or underground urban subways have access to fast and stable internet services. With its 5G platform built on an advanced polar code that achieves a speed of more than 27 gigabytes per second, Huawei's 5G mobile networks, once put into operation, are expected to significantly improve the competitive abilities of its clients, experts say. Huawei now accounts for more than 40 percent of the global mobile infrastructure market, ahead of Ericsson, Nokia and ZTE. In addition to being the largest mobile broadband provider to telecom carriers in the world, Huawei-made smartphones, tablets and digital wearable devices are increasingly welcomed by consumers, chipping away at the dominance of Apple. Huawei is also catching up in terms of development and production of high-tech AI chips. It's well known in this country that the lights at Huawei's headquarters and many of its R&D offices keep shining at all hours of the day, as the company's 80,000-strong workforce of engineers and technicians take turns to work around the clock on new projects. It is the hardworking tech wizards there who have made Huawei what it is today. This explains why the political pressure inflicted on Huawei by the US government boycott is so profoundly resented throughout China. It's nothing but discrimination if a government bans products from another country just because of their quality or technology superiority. Take vehicles as an example: Chinese consumers are fond of German and Japanese cars because of their high quality and fuel efficiency. It is unethical for the US government to ban Huawei solely on its technological edge, experts say. From the perspective of business, there will be an economic price to be paid by the US and its allies for holding back a top-quality and low-price player in a sector with just four leading companies, analysts believe. Just a couple of weeks ago, the UK's O2 and Japan's Softbank, major telecom carriers, suffered a 4G network breakdown because of malfunctions in Ericsson's software. Giving more market share to Nokia and Ericsson would be a risk for carriers in the US and its allies, and consumers will probably have to pay even higher prices. On average, US consumers pay $50-80 per month for internet access, while the average bill for Chinese users is $7-10 per month. Or, telecom carriers could resort to redirecting investment, but this may come at the cost of massive layoffs. On December 10, Verizon, the largest telecom operator in the US, announced that it would lay off 10,400 workers by the middle of 2019, saying it needed to cut costs to ramp up its investment in 5G. Therefore, it makes no sense at all to ban Huawei mobile gear and devices and embrace the lower-quality products offered by other vendors. Consumers in these countries will be the ones who suffer if their governments succumb to US pressure. The author is an editor with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Let China, US meet half way to reduce conflictWhy reform and opening-up is the only path for ChinaMyanmar peace crucial for China's security Chinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of ParadiseBoyle Heights Christmas Parade How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐