As China prepares for a protracted trade row, some officials and analysts are emphasizing a new round of reform and opening-up to create a new economic growth engine. These new reforms will likely grant broader market access to Indian companies like budget accommodation hotel chain OYO.The Indian start-up began operating in China in November 2017, and it's said to have become one of China's top five players. The world's second-largest economy is currently OYO's biggest market, with 180,000 out of its 330,000 rooms globally.While many budget hotel chains focus on China's first- and second-tier cities, OYO is on a path to rapid expansion in the second- and third-tier cities. By enabling standardization of services, the hotel chain operation gives OYO a competitive advantage over unbranded and independent hotels that previously dominated the markets in third- and fourth-tier cities. In those less-developed markets, Indian firms are to some extent more adaptable than their Western counterparts.There is the emergence in China's third- and fourth-tier cities of an upper middle class. Increasing spending by cash-rich Chinese millennials - who are glued to their smartphones - means new business opportunities for Indian digital start-ups. China's digital economy is now equivalent to one-third of the country's GDP, and OYO is a pioneer that's trying to seize opportunities and bring its advantages into play.India has witnessed exponential growth in its digital economy, with a surge of internet-related innovation and start-up activity. The digital economy is disrupting old models and serving as a bright spot in China-India economic cooperation.China's further opening-up of its market to foreign investment is a good development for India's internet-related start-ups that are seeking an opportunity in the Chinese market. As an important area in China's new round of economic reforms, opening-up of the digital economy will offer a chance for India internet-related start-ups to go global. Following its success in China, OYO is eyeing the European markets. The five-year-old start-up is aiming to become the world's largest hotel chain by 2023. With China's opening-up serving as a springboard, who's next after OYO?The author is a reporter with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cnNewspaper headline: Nation’s further opening-up can serve as springboard for Indian start-ups to go global Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Nepal expects more Chinese investment in infrastructure to boost developmentChina's new generator unit to power all-electric warshipsWhich country is set to lead on 5G development? No country can dominate AfricaChinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of Paradise How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐