The "yellow vest" protests have taken Paris by storm for the fourth straight weekend. Well organized and coordinated, though not under a political umbrella, the demonstrations have acquired the nature of a movement driving a shaken President Emmanuel Macron to scramble for a way out of the crisis. The decision of his government to suspend the plan for a fuel tax from New Year has not placated furious protesters.Dealing with the violence has become a priority for Macron. Tackling anarchists and stemming the vandalizing of property is what the administration is aiming at. The social unrest has spread fear and severely affected tourism in the city of lights. However, the police have to exercise restraint and desist from responding with undue force while taking on protesters and arresting them. Beyond the small group of anarchists who have turned violent, the "yellow vest" protests embody the will of a significant part of French society to seek change. Macron did not deceive French citizens in asking for their support during the campaign for presidential election of May 2017. Right from the beginning, the youngest president in France's recent history has presented himself as a true reformer who would have to make tough decisions to increase competitiveness of the French economy. No doubt most French citizens are disenchanted with Macron's style which - according to his critics - is rather arrogant. A few months ago, for example, he suggested to an unemployed gardener to find a job in another sector if he was "ready and motivated." He practically advised him to work in the hotel business, cafes, restaurants or buildings. While it is obvious for someone who is unemployed to look for new opportunities, Macron appeared indifferent to the technical skills of the gardener and his quest to exercise them inside his profession.Macron sends the impression that he is serving the interests of the wealthy. He seeks to lower the taxes for companies and their owners so that they could create more jobs in the medium and long run. Most ordinary citizens do not agree with this. Coping with everyday challenges and living with low salaries amid rising prices, they expect the government to come to their rescue or at least understand their plight. Labor laws in France generally lean toward protecting the rights of employees and trade unions are powerful. Macron's move to change this is naturally facing resistance. It is hard for citizens to accept sudden change when generations have worked under certain conditions. A transition to a new system is always difficult. The French president is acting decisively because previous governments largely ignored reforms. However, it needs to be seen whether he can win against the "yellow vests." Macron says he is more interested in doing the right thing instead of going by polls that show a dramatic fall in his popularity. The suspension of the fuel tax does not signal a retreat but shows protesters will not be easy to deal with.A leader should aim at the good of the future generations instead of political survival. The problem in case of France - as it has also happened in other European countries - is that amid rising populism difficult measures bring pain to the society. Opposition parties find it easy to condemn these measures and create unrealistic expectations among the public. Now, the question is whether Macron's insistence on sticking to his reform agenda will pave the way for the far-right National Rally of Marine Le Pen to come to power in the next presidential election.   Citizens should also realize their responsibility. When they prefer easy solutions while ignoring the reality, they run the danger of being responsible for harming their country's economy. It is now for the French society to decide what course it wants for its country. The author is a lecturer at the European Institute in Nice, France. opinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Digital transformation tops Steinmeier's first state tripBlind anger won't help France out of economic woesChina-US trade deal needs mutual actions On-demand streaming changing our habitsChildren return to schoolLA Auto Show How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐