Promotional material for China's first animation of Karl Marx The Leader Photo:Courtesy of Bilibili   China will soon release a multi-episode animation about the life story of Karl Marx to commemorate the 200th anniversary of the birth of the "millennium's greatest thinker," a leading Chinese anime video site announced on Tuesday.Bilibili, a video site that focuses on anime and games, posted on Sina Weibo that The Leader will talk about how Marx met his wife Jenny and their "thwarted love story," as well as his friendship with Friedrich Engels, his close companion and co-author of the Communist Manifesto.    The release date of the animation has not been announced yet.  The animation was sponsored by the Project to Study and Develop the Marxist Theory, which was launched by the Communist Party of China in 2004. The Chinese Academy of Social Sciences offers academic support, according to the poster of the animation that was released on Tuesday. The series was produced by Wawayu, a private studio based in Hangzhou, East China's Zhejiang Province. "We don't think works promoting mainstream values will lose their market. 'Mainstream melody' can also be thrilling and attractive," Pan Bin, president of Wawayu, told the Global Times on Wednesday. "China has a potentially large number of viewers, and all genres have a chance in the huge market as long as they tell good stories," Pan said.  More than 14,000 people have liked the series on Bilibili, and they will get a message once the anime is updated. The Chronicle of the Rabbits, a multi-season animation about China's modern history that started airing in 2015, has been watched more than 100 million times on Bilibili. The cartoons depict China as a rabbit that is weak and small at first but ultimately overcomes countless hurdles to become strong. China, as a country deeply influenced by Marxism, has held symposiums and streamed documentaries this year to pay tribute to the great thinker. A conference to mark the 200th anniversary of the birth of Marx was held on May 4, one day before his birthday, at the Great Hall of the People in Beijing. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Let China, US meet half way to reduce conflictWhy reform and opening-up is the only path for ChinaMyanmar peace crucial for China's security Chinese students in US overwhelmed by soaring tuition feesSearch Angels of ParadiseBoyle Heights Christmas Parade How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐