Muslims from Southwest China's Yunnan Province participate in a quiz contest on the Constitution, laws and regulations on Tuesday in Kunming, capital of Yunnan Province. Some 300 people from 12 cities and autonomous prefectures form 20 teams to compete in the contest. Courtesy of Yunnan Provincial Islamic Association 

The participants, who come from mosques and scripture schools, read Constitution at the contest on Tuesday in Kunming, capital of Yunnan Province. Courtesy of Yunnan Provincial Islamic AssociationThe Islamic community in Southwest China's Yunnan Province held a quiz contest to popularize the Constitution and regulations on religious affairs during China's first "Constitution Week," which was hailed by an expert as a move to enhance stability and the rule of law.  Some 300 Muslims from 12 cities and autonomous prefectures in Yunnan formed 20 teams and competed on Tuesday, China's fifth Constitution Day, in Kunming, capital of Yunnan. The participants, who come from mosques and scripture schools, expressed enthusiasm "greater than we had expected," said Dai Junfeng, secretary-general of the Yunnan Provincial Islamic Association, which organized the contest. Quiz questions focus on the Constitution, other laws, religion-related regulations, and the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China. "Given only one month to prepare for the contest, participants all performed very well, demonstrating they attach great importance to the event," Dai told the Global Times on Thursday.  A poem recitation performance held after the contest had lyrics saying, "I am proud to be a Chinese and to be a Chinese Muslim," said Dai, showing believers recognize that religious activities must be conducted in line with laws and Chinese society.   Shen Guiping, a religious expert at the Central Institute of Socialism in Beijing, told the Global Times on Thursday that "legal education used to be insufficient among religious groups, who have better knowledge of religious canons than the Constitution and other laws." China launched its first "Constitution Week" from Sunday to December 8, with various activities to help people gain awareness of their legal rights and responsibilities. Copies of the Constitution in different ethnic languages were delivered to religious people-majority areas such as the Tibet Autonomous Region and the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region.  A light show on the rule of law was arranged in the square in front of the Potala Palace in Tibet on Monday, local media reported. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Digital transformation tops Steinmeier's first state tripBlind anger won't help France out of economic woesChina-US trade deal needs mutual actions On-demand streaming changing our habitsChildren return to schoolLA Auto Show How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐