In an attempt to counter criticism of China in the New York Times, Mr. Ding Gang found it expedient to focus his criticism on Brazil, its culture and its work ethic ("Lessons of Brazil not applicable to China", December 6 edition). In so doing, he falls into the same mistakes he deplores in the New York Times article: baseless generalizations, unwarranted conclusions and the extrapolation of short-term fluctuations. He bases most of his case on an exaggerated and misleading belief in the cultural determinants of growth.During Brazil's history, the hard work and sacrifice of people from many backgrounds and origins built a diversified and sophisticated economy. The share of industry in GDP, at 20 percent, is twice as large as that of agriculture; services account for more than 70 percent. Brazil is one of the world`s largest exporters of agricultural and mining products, but it would be wrong to say that its economy "only depends on export of raw materials and bulk commodities". In fact, total exports of agricultural and mining products account for less than 2 percent of GDP. This is not to minimize the importance of these sectors. Brazilian agriculture, for instance, has increased its productivity at over 3.5 percent a year for more than 40 years. This has enabled a vast growth in production with minimal increases in inputs, thereby fostering environmental conservation - an important component of sustainable development.Higher value added exports often face unjustified barriers in major markets, but Brazil will up efforts to enable consumers in other countries to have access to competitive, high quality food and other products.Brazil has gone through a recession, the deepest in its history, in 2015-2016. It is over now: growth is picking up and the country`s structural problems are being addressed through the democratic process.Brazil's rate of economic growth has the potential to increase substantially in the coming years - thanks, among other things, to a hard-working, creative and increasingly well-educated workforce.Brazil is not a model for China`s development, but neither is China a model for Brazil. The differences between the two countries have fostered the development of a mutually beneficial bilateral relationship. Mr. Ding espouses a narrow view of development and gives credence to those in the West who view trade as a zero-sum game. It is a view that does not serve Brazil and China`s interests.The author is Ambassador of Brazil to China. opinion@globaltimes.com.cnLessons of Brazil not applicable to China Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Digital transformation tops Steinmeier's first state tripBlind anger won't help France out of economic woesChina-US trade deal needs mutual actions On-demand streaming changing our habitsChildren return to schoolLA Auto Show How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐