There's nothing like a baby to make you sensitive to temperature. Jirui, my 4-month-old, Chinese-American bundle of joy, likes to be warm: 21, 22 degrees. But it's been hard. We live in Shanghai where it's cold in the winter. Not cold like Harbin, but cold.The problem is the building we live in. Mostly, we love it. It's a modern, high-rise apartment building in Jing'an district with million-dollar views of the Bund and it's right on three subway lines. What it doesn't have is windows worth a damn. When it's cold outside, it's cold inside. If you're sitting in the bedroom in the winter, you can feel a chill breeze through the allegedly closed window.This is not unusual in Shanghai: Everyone I know, Chinese or foreigner, has to grapple with a badly insulated apartment. The costs of this are incalculable. Our energy bills have skyrocketed as we worried about keeping Jirui warm. We're not the only ones who suffer though. There are more insidious consequences too. It's no accident that in the middle of an unusually cold winter, Shanghai's PM 2.5 pollution index is worse than Beijing's. We breathe that extra money and it's not doing our health any good.China has a deserved reputation for taking climate change seriously - in contrast to my native country, where executive fecklessness on this issue shocks the conscience. China's strategies - for example, developing a robust solar energy sector, reducing the use of coal and rationing auto sales and usage - have produced some real gains. They're glamorous too. They're the kind of things people can point to and say, "See, look what we're doing."Less glamorous is something that cities in Central and South China should think about for new apartment buildings and for renovations of old ones: double-paned, well-insulated windows. I know it's possible, because when we lived in Beijing, in an apartment half as nice as the one we're in now, that's what we had. They worked. We used a fraction of the heat in winter and a fraction of the air conditioning in summer.It's a simple little thing, but it can make a profound difference to the quality of life for hundreds of millions of people, including my little Jirui. This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Constitutional amendment will improve CPC leadershipObservers say China needs consistent leadership as CPC proposes removing presidential term limitIndia naval exercises inflame tensions with China, expand potential conflict from land to sea: observers Trump sets sights on 'chain migration'Playing it coolPG One misguided, but still has rights How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐