Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT
Last week my sister finally became the first of my family to visit me here in Beijing. She was here for a glorious eight days and I enjoyed getting to see her while also showing her this city. Having her here was a special experience as we were able to not only see each other after five months apart, but I was also able to introduce her to China, Chinese people and culture. When I first visited Beijing two years ago, I didn't know anyone here and was with a tour group. I was unsure of what to see or do and how to navigate the city on my own. My sister did not have the same experience. Instead of a guidebook telling her where she should go and what to see, she had a built-in guidebook in the form of me, a 5-month Beijing transplant. Her introduction to Beijing was different from the guidebook. I still took her to the Great Wall of China and the Temple of Heaven, but I skipped over spending a day getting lost in the Forbidden City or wandering the halls of the National Museum in favor of spending a day at the hot springs surrounded by old Chinese ladies and then going to a friend's apartment to make dumplings. These experiences were what I wanted her to get from China because they represent the China that I know and love. As a local, I had access to things that Lonely Planet will never write about and I think that's better than checking all of the big historical sites off of your travel bucket list. If we only ever see a society or culture as old buildings and quiet museums, we leave ourselves vulnerable to thinking that we know everything there is to know about a group of people. People often tell me that China feels like a very foreign and faraway place and they can't understand why I would want to live here. They don't see the daily life of China like I do. They don't know that China isn't all just ancient history. I see a country and people with a rich history that has evolved into an ever-changing modern society full of new experiences and customs. It's the difference between going to the Temple of Heaven in the middle of the afternoon and standing around looking at an empty building with a bunch of other tourists and knowing that if you go early in the morning you can walk among the old men and women of Beijing playing cards, smoking, practicing tai chi and singing, and then going across the street to snatch up some bargains at the pearl market. The combining of the past with Beijing's ever-moving present is what I wanted my sister to see and experience while she was here with me. It's found in KTV booths, card games on the street, hutong dumpling spots, hot spring pools, the pearl market stalls and kitchen cooking lessons. That's the Beijing that I live in: a city so full of life and color that I never want to stop finding new corners to explore. And if it means never making it to the Forbidden City, so be it. This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Constitutional amendment will improve CPC leadershipObservers say China needs consistent leadership as CPC proposes removing presidential term limitIndia naval exercises inflame tensions with China, expand potential conflict from land to sea: observers Trump sets sights on 'chain migration'Playing it coolPG One misguided, but still has rights How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐