Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT
This Chinese Lunar New Year, I got a special gift from a friend: a pair of red socks. They are not your ordinary socks. On each side there is an imp: we call them "small people" in Chinese. These small people are wicked and deceitful, the kind who might stab you in the back. In southern China's Guangdong Province and Hong Kong, people sometimes hire an old lady to perform an "imp beating" ritual in the street. Paper imps are hit with shoes in a kind of exorcism. Wearing these socks is a type of sorcery known as "imp treading."Why do I need this pair of weird socks? As you know, there are 12 animal signs in the Chinese zodiac, so the year of your birth sign comes round every 12 years. In Chinese astrology, your own zodiac year is a year of bad luck. I was born in the Year of the Dog, which means I will have a most unlucky year this year. People call it "ben ming nian" in Chinese. The varieties of bad luck include unforeseen problems at work, tricky finances, bad relationships with loved ones. Job-hopping, investment or starting your own business are not recommended during ben ming nian.It is superstitious, maybe even silly, to still believe in ben ming nian, and when I ask my friends why they do, they don't really have any answer. Last year was my 36-year-old friend Ms Fu's ben ming nian. At the beginning of the year, I heard her complaining about her bad luck: spending weeks in hospital; a reduced bonus; a bad relationship with her boss and boyfriend. She blamed ben ming nian."Everything bad happened at the same time. I have to blame something!" she said.   My other friends disagree. They think that people who believe in ben ming nian have a negative attitude and bring trouble on themselves. When they believe the going is getting tough, they get anxious and depressed, which only makes things worse. In order not to make things worse, people enduring their ben ming nian are advised to keep a low profile. To get better luck, they need to wear red. Chinese people revere the color red. Many believe the color can drive away bad luck and evil spirits. People, superstitious people, should wear red all year long in their unlucky year. Unfortunately, red is not my color. I am not a big fan of red clothes. Instead, I have bought red socks, red underwear and even red accessories to add a splash of vermilion to my daily life.Another solution is to have a celebration, a really big one, like a wedding, a new baby or a new house to bring good luck. According to folk tradition, "one celebration can avert three disasters." Well, one person's bad luck is another person's opportunity. My mom sees it as a good chance to heap even more pressure on me. "If you want to have a good year, you need to hurry up and get married!"This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass India naval exercises inflame tensions with China, expand potential conflict from land to sea: observersBeijing won't follow Washington's footsteps in politicsCan Indian comedy drama 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' recreate the success of 'Secret Superstar' in China? Trump sets sights on 'chain migration'Playing it coolPG One misguided, but still has rights How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐