Both men and women may fall prey to pick-up artists (PUA) in China, whose training has become a dark industry. Photo: Li Hao/GTVivi Wang, a 23-year-old woman living in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province, was initially confused by a man she was seeing. He accosted her in the subway one day and asked to add her on WeChat."At first I thought him brave and funny, and the posts in his WeChat Moments were all of cars, luxury goods and foreign places he claimed to have traveled to," she said. "Later, I found out that some of the photos were fake. For example, he was 'wearing' a luxury watch in one of the photos, but it was not even his arm."Wang shared her story with several female friends, and some of them said she might have fallen prey to a pick-up artist (PUA).According to a February 9 report published on Tencent's news portal news.qq.com, there are now many training centers that teach people how to pursue and lure the opposite sex in China.The report said the PUA concept came to China in the early 2000s from the US. It is said to have started there in the 1970s with a collection of techniques and simple psychological tactics to approach someone, build a good connection and start a relationship.It has been somewhat accepted in China for a while. However, recently, many people have taken to Chinese social media, including WeChat and Weibo, to question PUA culture in China, saying it has become a dark industry that teaches people to toy with the opposite sex.Youyou (pseudonym), a self-described feminist, is one of the initiators of the online anti-PUA campaign. Her posts have received thousands of comments on social media."I used to think knowing how to pick up someone was an excellent skill because it involves psychology, people-to-people interaction, character, IQ and EQ. But now it seems that PUAs have changed all that in China," she said.

Experts warn people to stay far away from extreme PUA and call for regulation of the industry. Photo: ICPUA's degenerationAccording to the Tencent report, PUAs appeared in the US in the 1970s because society at that time had become increasingly open, and people's attitude toward relationships and sex had changed. They needed to learn new social skills, hence the birth of the first group of pick-up artists. The "date masters" helped introverts come out of their shells.Tang Mengjuan, a registered psychologist and relationship counselor in Beijing has noticed the recent growth in the number of PUA training centers in China."I think it is due to the imbalance between the number of men versus women and an increasingly open attitude toward relationships and sex among Chinese young people," Tang said.According to data released by the National Bureau of Statistics on January 19, in 2017 there were 711.37 million males and 678.71 million females in China."PUA classes for men have become popular," added Tang. She said some centers even have tailor-made training sessions on how to dress and how to pick up people on the street, in a bar or even a shopping mall.However, according to Tang, the PUA culture in China is no longer the same as overseas, where people are mainly focused on how to get the first date and establish a stable relationship."As the name tells us, pick-up artists should be focused on interaction and verbal communication rather than on taking advantage of women," said Youyou. "Some extreme PUAs use psychological games to trick others, defrauding their money and property. Some of them even have 'classes' that teach men how to make a woman commit suicide for them."According to a February 2 report on news portal sohu.com, some PUA training centers offer classes in mind control and psychological abuse. Also, one "mentor" claimed to have slept with more than 400 women and have had relationships with 17 women at the same time.Baiya, a relationship consultant, used to be a PUA trainer. He said many teams in the industry are doing "something bad," and the number of men who pay for PUA training in China is much higher than the figures published."I used to teach men how to improve their core qualities. But it takes time, so many people look for shortcuts," he said. Caught in the netZhang Lei (pseudonym) spent 9,800 yuan ($1,549) on PUA training in Beijing last year. He refused to say which training institution he attended.Zhang is an introvert and has difficulty in talking to women. He came across PUAs on Weibo, searched online and signed up for a session."After I entered the WeChat group of the institution, I realized it was kind of like a criminal organization or a pyramid scheme gang. They shared many candid sex videos in the group, claiming that the girls in them were 'hunted' by successful trainees," he said. "The trainer even saved them and posted them on his personal WeChat Moments to attract more clients."Zhang said he only wanted to improve his EQ and overcome his problems communicating with women and find someone to start a relationship with, not have sex with random women. He said the trainer seemed displeased with his request and kept pushing other "higher-level classes" which cost from 19,800 to 26,800 yuan, claiming that if Zhang took the lessons, he could subdue and sleep with any woman he wanted to.Youyou said that she thinks trainees like Zhang are swindled out of money by degenerate PUA trainers whose sessions have become pornographic due to lack of efficient supervision and market rules."The original PUA idea was a good one. It was to help people to communicate and fight for love," she said. "But now the PUA trainers and trainees seem to have forgotten the importance of sincerity and think too much of evil tricks."Wang agrees with Youyou. "If you don't use PUA tricks, maybe you don't have the confidence to talk to the person you like. But you must respect that person and want a serious relationship," she said. "Then the tricks may be helpful, but not every girl is foolish, and most of the tricks can be seen through."She also pointed out the heavy risk involved in starting a relationship that is based on lies. "Aren't you scared that you may never be able to build something based on mutual trust and real emotions, the most precious qualities in any relationship?" she said.Female PUAs also existThe art of picking up someone is not exclusive to men. There are also PUA training sessions for women. According to Baiya many of them operate under the guise of "marriage consultancies for women." There have been many relationship services run by famous "consultants" in China. The sessions for women include how to find a good boyfriend, how to make an ex-boyfriend come back to you, how to drive away a mistress, and how to attract rich men. All the sessions are expensive. According to a news.qq.com report, a three-day session costs women 16,800 yuan.Huang Yingying, deputy head of the School of Sociology and Population Studies at Renmin University of China, said in the report that "PUAs neglect the independence and autonomy of individuals, especially women, which are basic elements of a healthy relationship.""The PUA industry should be properly supervised and specific standards should be set," said Baiya. "It needs laws and regulations, not just morals. Some people don't care about morals. Also, some PUA teams and individuals are responsible for harming others and should be punished."How to behaveChen Yaya, a feminist and sociologist from Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences said the anti-PUA campaign was nothing new, but the repeated anti-PUA activities must serve as a warning to women about men whose goal is just to play with them."Most people are against PUAs because the practice discriminates against women. Others are against it due to their conservative values on love and marriage," Chen said. "I oppose cheating, but I am not against flirting on the basis of mutual understanding and respect."Chen said she feels that most men lack experience in communicating and interacting with women, and so they need to learn in their daily lives, not in preset scenarios."While some trainers teach men to play with women sexually, I have to say that it is not difficult for women to see through them," she said. "The key is not to hold unrealistic expectations. Do not covet little advantages, and you will not be cheated." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China vows to crack down on rural custom of hiring strippers for funeralsUS, Australia step up warnings on China's influenceChina upgrades airspace defense in west to counter threat from India: military specialist Trump sets sights on 'chain migration'Playing it coolPG One misguided, but still has rights How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐