In recent years, the Chinese government has taken various measures to tighten control on dual citizenship. Photo: VCG
On February 11, the Chinese Embassy in the UK issued a special reminder on its official website. It said that they recently found that applicants who already have a foreign citizenship with a Chinese visa were trying to gain a Chinese passport by cheating the system. The notice said Chinese law does not allow dual citizenship. For overseas Chinese citizens who have obtained a foreign nationality, they will automatically lose their Chinese nationality. So, the embassy will invalidate the related documents of those who illegally apply for a Chinese passport and deny Chinese visas and entry to them.In recent years, many overseas Chinese, attracted by the dynamic and fast-growing economy, choose to come back to China to live, start companies or develop their careers. The identity issue is one of the major concerns for them to stay in China. Although China does not allow dual citizenship, in reality, some overseas Chinese with a foreign citizenship still illegally retain their Chinese passports and household registrations. In order to avoid dual nationality, the Chinese government has taken a series of measures to crack down on it.

China's recent crackdown on dual citizenship has made some overseas Chinese who hold foreign and Chinese passports worried. Photo: VCG
Why keep Chinese citizenship?  The major concerns for overseas Chinese not renouncing Chinese citizenship, even though they know it is illegal, are finance, investment and some government benefits. For example, it will be easier for them to buy and sell property, deal with inheritance, enable them to send their children to public schools and enjoy benefits such as housing, pension funds and health care if they have a Chinese citizenship. American Julian Mintzis, the founder of a consultancy firm in Beijing, is familiar with Chinese policies on foreigners and has a column dedicated to this issue on social media. He told Metropolitan that he thinks the primary reason why this is happening is Chinese people want to seek the benefits from having a second passport in addition to the benefits of being Chinese. A non-Chinese passport can give them easier travel access as well as increased opportunities in other countries."While it is illegal for Chinese to hold more than one nationality, many of them do. They will use the Chinese identity for convenience in China, and many foreign governments do not require proof of renouncing Chinese citizenship to change your nationality," said Mintzis."If they maintain being Chinese, they can avoid being classified as a 'foreigner' in China. They could still seek the same opportunities as a Chinese national in China and be able to see their friends and family as needed," he said.According a report from the South China Morning Post (SCMP) on February 24, a Chinese-American dentist who remains anonymous is still a Chinese passport holder, and his Chinese passport will expire in two years. He still visits his family back in China. He is afraid that next time he returns to China, his Chinese citizenship will be revoked. "Right now, I really don't know how to deal with my parents' property. I had hoped that one day I could send my child to a Chinese public school," the dentist was quoted as saying in the SCMP report.Crackdown on dual citizenshipA 2014 BBC report said overseas Chinese in the UK try to hold both Chinese and British citizenship by exploiting loopholes where they use two passports on different entries and exits and change the name on their British passport.The BBC report said some of them do not renounce their Chinese passports after they gain a British citizenship. They use the British passport when they enter and exit the UK and use the Chinese passport when they enter and exit China, which sometimes could work. In the second case, they changed their Chinese name when they gained the British passport. Therefore, the Chinese government could not trace their original Chinese identities with their changed names on the British passport.In recent years, the Chinese government has taken many measures to tighten control on dual passport holders. Two major purposes of the government's crackdown on dual citizenship are to avoid corrupt officials from fleeing to other countries and the outflow of capital.According to the website of the Ministry of Public Security (MPS) in 2017, China built a national unified entry and exit management platform across different departments. The MPS also issued a new policy in 2017 to record the fingerprints of foreign passport holders aged 14 to 70 when they enter China. These measures will make it easier to detect dual citizens. Earlier in 2014, the MPS launched a policy to encourage people to report illegal household registration acts to the police. From 2013 to June 2014, the MPS has revoked 1.06 million household registrations during a nation-wide crackdown on illegal household registration holders, including ones who have multiple ID cards or dual citizenship, a 2014 report of news portal news.163.com said.Once it is found that the foreign citizens have not renounced their Chinese household registrations, they will be barred from leaving China and required to go back to their hometown to renounce it before they can leave. In the SCMP report, the American-Chinese dentist said that recently some of his friends who are American and Chinese passport holders found their Chinese household registrations and passports were revoked.Attracting and retaining overseas Chinese talentsSince February 1, the MPS launched a five-year multiple-entry visa for overseas Chinese in order to attract more overseas Chinese talents to work and live in China with more convenience. Before this policy, overseas Chinese could only get a one-year multiple-entry visa. In recent years, the MPS and other government bodies have launched a series of policies to facilitate overseas Chinese to return to China. Among the Chinese green card holders, many of them are overseas Chinese including Huang Ying, the vice president of Chinese IT giant Lenovo, who got a Chinese green card in 2016. According to the 2017 Report on China's Regional International Talent Competitiveness released by the Center for China and Globalization (CCG), there are over 60 million overseas Chinese in the world, among whom there are around four million professionals, mainly in the education, finance and high-tech sectors. This group of people can be a big pool of talent for China. So it is a top priority for the Chinese government to lower the threshold for them to reside in China. The report took the Zhongguancun area as an example, saying that there were only 0.56 percent of international talents among all the talents by the end of 2014. Among the international talents, the most were still overseas Chinese at 74.86 percent.Mintzis said if an ethnic Chinese was born overseas or has obtained a foreign nationality, then he or she would be subject to the same immigration regulations as foreigners. Currently, while the law allows foreigners to become Chinese citizens, it is difficult to meet all of the requirements. Proving ties to China for ethnic Chinese does not grant a nationality or a hukou. "There are many things that the government could do to attract highly talented ethnic Chinese, such as having a special identification, but this would conflict with the laws that are in place for foreign nationals in China," he said.Sophie Su, a 33-year-old Australia-born Chinese, returned to China from Australia 10 years ago. In 2008, when she originally planned on a gap year back in China, she fell in love with the country and decided to stay here. While living here, she married a Beijinger.Su does not have a Chinese ID card, and it creates inconveniences for her life in China. For example, she cannot buy a car or an apartment, and it is "almost impossible" to apply for a credit card. For some overseas Chinese who want to have their businesses here, it might be more difficult, she said. To solve these problems, she applied for a Chinese green card."I have been on a work visa for over five years. I guess that the Chinese green card will be given to me this year," said Su.Despite some inconvenience in life, Su said as an overseas Chinese, she found she is welcomed here overall. Four years ago, she started her own company with an app called Pingo Space to connect foreigners with certain skills with Chinese. The government in Chaoyang district has issued many policies to encourage overseas Chinese to return to their homeland and start their business with subsidies and tax breaks."I hope that China can roll out more returning overseas Chinese-friendly policies," said Su.Newspaper headline: The nationality crisis Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass India naval exercises inflame tensions with China, expand potential conflict from land to sea: observersBeijing won't follow Washington's footsteps in politicsCan Indian comedy drama 'Bajrangi Bhaijaan' recreate the success of 'Secret Superstar' in China? Trump sets sights on 'chain migration'Playing it coolPG One misguided, but still has rights How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐