Tian Haisu works on a painting. Photo: Courtesy of Tian Haisu

Chang Shui Yuan Shan by Tian Haisu Photo: Courtesy of Tian HaisuInk paintings have long been viewed as the quintessential form of traditional Chinese art. Throughout the country's history, many masterpieces were created through the expert application of brush and ink. Now a young Chinese artist is literally skating her way to success with an interesting new add-on to the traditional toolset: a pair of roller blades. Recently, the work Blood-Line-Land exhibited in the California Institute of the Arts impressed visitors with a stunning landscape formed from strong thick "brush strokes." The key to the painting's strong visuals, however, is that these brush strokes were actually created by the artist rolling over the canvas in roller blades whose wheels are covered in ink. "Traditional Chinese ink painting is more than just an art form - it is nature, it is culture, it is China, it is me. When I realized this, it set me on the path that I am still following today," Tian Haisu told the Global Times.Tian said that bringing skating and traditional ink painting together is her attempt to build a bridge between Eastern and Western culture as well as traditional and modern culture. According to her, this is her ultimate goal: to bring people, cultures and art forms together with a method of painting that she has dubbed "landskating." Innovating traditionTian first began painting at the age of 3. Practicing her skills every day, she slowly acquired a passion for the way traditional ink painting can capture the spirit of an artist. "Traditional xuan paper perfectly absorbs ink and different brush strokes can capture the emotions of even the coldest person," she explained.Eventually her ambitions expanded and she began dreaming of developing and expanding the art of Chinese ink painting itself. Growing up, Tian traveled back and forth between the US and China and at the age of 14 actually attended school in the US for a period of time. This experience helped shape her perspective on the importance culture plays when it comes to appreciating art. 

Close up of Blood-Line-Land by Tian Haisu Photo: Courtesy of Tian HaisuForeign inspirationChinese ink painting is one of the oldest continuous artistic traditions in the world. The elegance and symbolism that are an inherent part of this tradition is what attracted her the most. "The painting techniques I learned were passed down through history, and with every brush stroke I feel the weight of that history. Yet, in the US, people seemingly misinterpret traditional ink painting. They look at traditional ink paintings with an expression of confusion or even worse - disinterest." Noticing that visitors lacked the knowledge they needed to appreciate the symbolism in Chinese paintings, Tian decided to dedicate herself to introducing the beauty of Chinese art to the world."This is part of what inspires me. I want to bring Chinese culture from the East to the people in the West. Through art, I can bridge any boundary."Looking to the futureAs a young artist, Tian constantly challenged herself.  Tian explained that while many people like to take art and segregate it into several different schools - all exclusive in some way from one another - Tian holds the exact opposite perspective in that she sees art as a culmination of styles and archetypes. This perspective is especially apparent in her landskating paintings, as what makes them unique isn't limited to her use of an interesting new method, but also her combination of different styles.  "If you observe my landskating works, you will certainly quickly identify the unique strokes created by my use of tools. However, you will also notice something familiar about the arrangement since I make use of many different styles."Although Tian has received quite a bit of applause for her work, she is not about to rest on her laurels."My home, Chengdu, in Sichuan Province, is a stunning place. The landscapes are secluded and beautiful. This land was created to be appreciated by the gods." Her passion clearly showing in the way she talked about her goals, Tian explained that she hopes to use her landskating technique to capture the natural wonders of her hometown from a new perspective. "The realization of my dream requires that I continue to explore ink painting's potential and continue to express myself on the international stage."  Tian also insisted that she will continue exploring the unpredictable nature of art as she continues her career."This is the beauty and power of art. It can be classic but somehow different at the same time, familiar and yet foreign, spontaneous and yet controlled. This makes art unpredictable, the different feelings you get when you look at something original and unlike anything you've seen before," she said.Newspaper headline: ‘Landskating’ Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Observers say China needs consistent leadership as CPC proposes removing presidential term limitUS frightened by its own mirror imageConstitutional amendment will improve CPC leadership Trump sets sights on 'chain migration'Playing it coolPG One misguided, but still has rights How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐