Photo: VCG Decades ago, China was basically a self-sufficient country, and the products on its marketplace were largely dull and limited. But its reform and opening-up policy initiated in 1978 has dramatically changed the country's economic landscape, bringing in a wealth of overseas goods and services, not to mention creating one of the largest drivers of global economic growth - Chinese consumers. As one of the top markets for automobiles, clothes and video games, China keeps marching forward in a dash to purchase consumer products, services and culture.      Buying globally   As a tradition, Chinese people usually make special purchases to celebrate Chinese New Year, which fell on February 16 this year, with shopping lists containing anything from beef and nuts to firecrackers and Spring Festival couplets.    Wang Yang's shopping list, however, was not so traditional this year. German beer, French steaks and seafood from Northern Europe were a small fraction of his $500 worth of purchases from a mall specializing in imported goods only, located at a land port in Zhengzhou, capital of Central China's Henan Province.    "I don't even have to leave the city to buy all this food. It is fast and convenient. Our family dinner will be made of ingredients from all over the world this year," Wang said.    More and more exotic foreign delicacies are finding their way to Chinese tables like Wang's, with fresh farm produce and any number of specialties arriving from thousands of miles away.    From 2011 until now, about 7,000 cargo trains have traveled on 61 lines linking 36 European cities such as Hamburg and Madrid with 38 Chinese cities, including Xi'an, capital of Northwest China's Shaanxi Province and Yiwu, East China's Zhejiang Province. The number of trains traveling back to China has tripled annually over the past four years due to the growing appetite of Chinese consumers who are increasingly "going global."    The busy China-Europe freight trains mirror the power of China's many deep-pocketed consumers, who exert their influence through purchases, catering and traveling. Benefiting from a steady economy that has boosted personal incomes, people are willing to spend more on foreign products in pursuit of better quality and experiences.    "As the market keeps growing, Chinese consumers need more options, which has created opportunities for many European countries," said Slawomir Majman, chairman of the World Union of Agricultural Associations, citing a 40 percent increase in Greece's exports to China over the years. Greece, of course, is just one of many countries that has seen such a boost.    The growing e-commerce sector has particularly fanned the spending boom. Chinese consumers no longer need to take long-distance flights or go to luxury malls to shop, with many choosing to simply make their purchases with a few clicks of a mouse.   China's e-commerce imports rocketed by 116.4 percent to 56.59 billion yuan ($8.95 billion) last year, outpacing the approximate 40 percent growth in exports.    "China will make more efforts to cut tariffs on products including cars," senior Chinese official Liu He said at the World Economic Forum held in Davos, Switzerland in January. Import taxes on 187 products were slashed in 2017, with the average rate down from 17.3 percent to 7.7 percent.     Economic engine    China has a growing middle class, accounting for 30 percent of the world's total, and the government predicts the group, which has ever stronger and more sophisticated consumer demands, will play a significant role in propping up the local, and global, economy.    The celebration of Chinese New Year is seeing new modes of spending as more families favor organic food, shop online, dine outside and entertain themselves in innovative ways.    About 6.5 million Chinese people are expected to have traveled abroad during the Spring Festival period, according to the China Tourism Academy. Online travel services provider Ctrip said that people have booked outbound tours to over 700 cities in 68 countries and regions via its platform, with destinations as far as Antarctica.    "The key term for this year's holiday will be 'consumption upgrade,' with higher-quality products and services gaining popularity," said Wang Bingnan, vice minister of commerce.    Wang Yang said that back in the 1990s, his father always took him to farmer's markets only to buy local meat and chicken ahead of holidays. "But now, it is fashionable to shop overseas and shop online," he said.    "This is a very important trend that will prompt marked changes in the growth pattern and quality of the economy," said Mao Shengyong, spokesperson of the National Bureau of Statistics (NBS).    A major aspect of such changes is an economy less reliant on investment that analysts believe has become less effective and can easily cause structural imbalances. Consumption is now a key economic driver and contributed 58.8 percent to the national GDP growth in 2017, according to the NBS.    Consulting firm McKinsey & Company said in a report that China's consumer confidence has hit its highest in 10 years, partly due to the tech-savvy younger generation born in the age of the internet.    The power of consumption will likely continue due to the improvement of people's incomes, with Morgan Stanley expecting China to gain high-income status as early as 2025.     Rural potential     There is also huge consumption potential in less prosperous rural areas, which are narrowing the gap with cities, as the country moves to energize its rural regions.    In 2017, retail sales of consumer products in rural areas surged 11.8 percent to 5.2 trillion yuan, outpacing the 10 percent rate in urban areas, according to the NBS.     The growth was attributed to policies designed to boost the incomes of farmers. In 2017, per capita disposable income of rural residents increased 7.3 percent, faster than both urban growth and GDP expansion.    In a key report to the 19th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, the strategy of rural revitalization was proposed as a "historic task" essential for accomplishing China's modernization goals and building a moderately prosperous society.    E-commerce is helping the process, with more and more of the rural population going online for business and shopping purposes.    "Internet commerce has restructured production and logistics in rural areas, which has also helped farmers raise their incomes, particularly in the country's western regions," said Mao Risheng, a research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences.    According to a report by Chinese e-commerce giant Alibaba, there are 2,118 Taobao villages - referring to villages where over 10 percent of households are involved in online selling - with total annual transactions of more than 10 million yuan.    It is expected that the number of Taobao villages will hit above the 5,500 mark in 2020, bringing more than 3 million jobs to the countryside.    Retail sales in rural areas will remain robust this year, with a 12 percent growth pace, 1 or 2 percentage points faster than in cities, according to a report by the China Council for the Promotion of International Trade. Newspaper headline: In the hands of the consumer Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Constitutional amendment will improve CPC leadershipObservers say China needs consistent leadership as CPC proposes removing presidential term limitIndia naval exercises inflame tensions with China, expand potential conflict from land to sea: observers Trump sets sights on 'chain migration'Playing it coolPG One misguided, but still has rights How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐