Online clothes renting businesses try to solve the problem of slimming down women's closet while increasing their choices for various occasions. Photo: VCG
 
For every woman, her closet always needs to be filled with one more dress. And to fulfill this demand, some Chinese companies have developed a "closet-sharing" business, which allows their registered customers to rent clothes whenever they want.To make the model more user-friendly to today's women who are usually  busy in their daily lives, mobile phone apps are what such businesses rely on instead of traditional physical stores. Just like purchasing a product from an online store, customers are provided diverse choices with information like close-up pictures, available sizes, fabric type, market price and key words for styles. For some apps, customers can review other users' comments on specific items. After selecting one's "favorites" and putting them into the cart, all one needs to do is wait for the delivery service and book the free pick-up service through the app when they are ready to return the clothes.According to some Chinese media reports, such business models actually stemmed from the West. For example, the technology section of Tencent's news portal tech.qq.com reported in March that a share closest is not a new concept. In 2009, a formal attire renting project named "Rent the Runway" appeared in Silicon Valley.In 2012, another company offering rental clothes, LE TOTE, was set up in the US, and Japan had AirCloset in 2014. However, China is where this business model has developed into a trend.

 
Renting clothes, a new branch of the fast developing sharing culture in China, faces both acceptance and concerns. Photo: VCG 
According to the Tencent report, between 2014 and 2016, eight clothing rental companies had been set up. And different from what "Rent the Runway" began with, these Chinese companies rent casual wear as well as formal wear. A CCTV report said that "the number of users surged," and one interviewee, Xu Baizi, founder of the clothes sharing company Ms Paris, said that in 2017, the number of their registered customers rose by five times.While using second-hand products has never popular in China, there have been more and more people opening up to it in recent years. The rise of several second-hand online trading platforms and the popularity of shared bicycles and cell phone charging towers has eased the stigma to the share economy. However, since clothes are much more of an intimate product compared to other items in the share economy, Metropolitan hit the streets to interview locals and foreigners about their thoughts on this new business model. 

Zhang Photo: Wei Xi/GT 
Zhang, female, ChinaI have not heard about it before. I will have a look at it first, but I don't think I have much interest renting from it. My biggest concern is whether the rented clothes will be returned as clean as before. What if the other customers have body odor? 

Zhao Photo: Wei Xi/GT 
Zhao, female, China I have heard about it, but I have not used it. I think Chinese people are still conservative about renting clothes because clothes can be intimate and are different from other things like bags. I would be ok with renting jackets and coats. In fact, I do have a lot of clothes which have not been worn many times since being purchased. I have been thinking about how to deal with them. That's a big headache for me. I think a business model like this will be accepted by more young Chinese, who easily adapt to new things. 

Wan Photo: Wei Xi/GT Wan, male, ChinaI have not heard about it. But I support the idea of renting clothes. Women often buy a lot of clothes and will put them in their closet forever after only wearing them once or twice. It would be better if they just rented clothes.  

Hao Photo: Wei Xi/GT 
Hao, female, ChinaI would hesitate to rent because it deals with a lot of issues. Besides sanitation concerns, what if the clothing got damaged? How would the company identify whose responsibility it should be? If I rent or purchase something second-hand, it would only be something that I could not get in any other way. For daily clothes that I can afford, I would rather buy them myself. 

Taylor Photo: Wei Xi/GT 
Taylor, male, Australia We have a few clothing rental services in Australia. They are starting to pick up. There are a few for men where you can rent ties or socks. I think it's a cool system. 

Sipei and Ryan Photo: Wei Xi/GT 
Ryan, male, the USI think one of the factors behind the movement is that China has never really developed credit systems like a lot of Western countries have. I think these new renting services for bicycles, clothes and electronics are a substitute for the credit card, which has never really been popular in China. In the US, we usually wear something for about one year and then donate it to charity. However, people do rent clothes for special occasions such as weddings. 
Sipei, female, Sweden I have never heard of it in Sweden. It is good for the environment if you share instead of just using something a few times and then throwing it away. I think the consumption trend is good.  Newspaper headline: Share closets Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Xi delivers clear message on rights to MattisNepal PM's China visit puts ties on a new roadIn 17 years, China grows from newcomer to experienced player in WTO World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐