A boy from Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province looks up from his work during a painting and calligraphy class. He is one of countless Chinese youth spending much of the summer vacation studying indoors instead of playing outside. Photo: VCG

Most Chinese parents would prefer not to send their children to so many classes. But the competitive situation in China and peer pressure leave them with no choice. Photo: VCGAt the mention of summer vacation, you may probably picture a relaxing scene from your childhood: playmates, watermelons, your favorite TV shows, air conditioning and crowded swimming pools. However, for children in China today, summer vacation is no longer a time to relax. It has become another "battlefield" where parents and children must arm themselves to the teeth in preparation for an invisible competition.According to a July 6 Qianjiang Evening News report, a mother from Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province signed her daughter up for 11 extracurricular classes and summer camps during the summer vacation, costing the family over 50,000 yuan ($7,300). The news triggered a heated discussion about children's summer classes on the Chinese internet. Some parents said they had the same situation as the mother, while a minority of parents said they wouldn't sign their children up for any classes. What's the case in Beijing? Do Chinese parents and foreign parents differ in their approach to summer vacation? Metropolitan interviewed some of the parents living in Beijing to see how they view the issue and how much money they would spend on summer classes.Class or no class, that is the questionGao Chunyu's son attends junior high school in Beijing's Haidian district. Living in the city's most competitive school district, she tries to keep a balance between her son's interests and study, which is not easy. This summer, she signed her son up for only two extra classes: Chinese and a combined physics and chemistry class, which costs 3,300 yuan in total."He does not read and write Chinese well, so I signed him up to improve the two skills," Gao told Metropolitan. The classes last seven days, but the science class is more cost-effective. "One of his classmates recommended the class to him, saying they had a special offer. So, we only paid 1,200 yuan for it," she explained.Like many parents in China, Gao worries about her son's grades at school but doesn't want to put too much pressure on the 13-year-old. "To be honest, no kid wants to attend such classes during the summer vacation. They are still children and need to play whenever and wherever possible," said Gao. She plans to take her son to Yunnan Province for an 11-day trip. If time permits, the family also wants to go to Beidaihe in Hebei Province or visit Hangzhou in Zhejiang Province.But her son also has a robot club activity in August, which will last for a whole week, followed by a two-day competition. "I don't think we have much time before the new term begins," she said.More relaxing for foreigners?Compared to Chinese parents, foreigners seem quite easy about their children's summer vacation. Amy Loveday Hu, a teacher from Britain, has been living in China for over 10 years. She knows a lot about extracurricular classes in China. But she has signed her daughter up for none, except for an equestrian training camp."This is the first time she has ever been in a summer camp. It's an exchange program where you can meet many excellent horse riders from the US," Amy told Metropolitan. The seven-day camp is not cheap. It costs about 10,000 yuan and includes the coaching fee, competition fees and so on. But she said horse riding is where her daughter's passion is, so she thinks it "would be worthwhile for her at her age."Abner Anunciacion from the Philippines has also been living in China for a decade. He has never thought about sending his daughter to summer classes. He had a happy childhood and wants to give his daughter a similar upbringing."I still remember when I was a kid, summers were all about fun. School's off, no study, just playing with my friends, spending time with my cousins and visiting relatives," said Abner. "Now I have my own daughter. She's eight, and what we do is basically the same. Like this summer, we will go to the US to visit my brothers. Every day we just play, travel, or hang out together."For Abner and many other foreigners in China, summer vacation is the only opportunity to spend some time with their friends and family back home. So, they take their children back to their home country during the vacation.German Krisine Wike is a graduate student at Renmin University. She said German children don't have too many extracurricular classes during summer vacation. Instead, she said, they participate in different kinds of clubs, which only cost 20-40 euros ($23-$47) a lesson.Although summer vacation might be more relaxing for foreign parents, it is still expensive. They spend large amounts of money on traveling and family gatherings, let alone if their kids want to participate in summer camps or clubs. Abner's nephew is taking a karate class this summer. It costs only $30 for eight 45-minute lessons. It is considered cheap compared to those offered by gyms or private studios, and of course, it is much cheaper than in China.You snooze, you loseMost Chinese parents would prefer not to send their children to so many classes. But the competitive situation in China and peer pressure leave them with no choice.A teacher at an international school in China, Amy has noticed this phenomenon and sympathized with Chinese parents."Everybody wants their children to do well in school. [However,] the situation is hugely competitive," she explained. "With the stakes being very high in zhongkao (the high school entrance examination) and gaokao (the national college entrance examinations), a lot of pressure has been put on the children as well as their parents."Gao offered another perspective on this issue. "Many parents don't have time to spend with their children during the summer vacation. So, they need someone or someplace to make sure that their kids are safe, healthy and not waste their time. Therefore, those classes have become a final and effective choice," she said.All in all, Chinese and foreign parents have one thing in common: No matter how much the class costs, if their children need it, they would spare no effort to support them."My daughter is a good rider. So we want to help her pursue her passion," Amy said proudly. "It cost us a huge amount of money. But I think it well deserved.""As long as she's [his daughter] interested in something, we are all for it," said Abner. "But we won't force her to do anything." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Turkey's Erdogan warns US over sanctions threatPopulism hurting Myanmar's progressChina needs to stimulate economy amid US pressure The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐