A section of the Great Court at the British Museum. Photo: VCGChinese museum fans no longer need to sigh over the long distance between them and the British Museum, as the museum just opened an online store on Chinese e-commerce site T-mall on July 1. It's the first overseas museum to venture into China's online marketplace.The museum's online store has already launched over 20 products, including Egyptian iPhone X cases, decorative masking tapes with Rosetta Stone symbols and household items and office supplies with various elements from the British Museum's collections. The online store has already attracted 128,000 visitors within a month after opening for business, and almost all of its products were sold out by Monday. A slice of China's online marketThe British Museum has been planning to enter the Chinese online business world for a while now. Roderick Buchanan, the head of business development at the British Museum attended Alibaba Group's 2017 Global Netrepreneur Conference in Hangzhou, Zhejiang Province in July 2017, according to a report by Chinese news site pingwest.com on July 18."Although the British Museum has over 250 years of history, we are lagging behind in the business world. With the government cutting our funds every year, we need to find a new source of funding," Buchanan told pingwest.com. "Opening an e-commerce store is a new business model for historical museums, and the Chinese market has already proved its robust consumption power for museum-related cultural products," Buchanan said. "We can either choose to build our own online site or enter an e-commerce platform with large customer flows, and we believe T-mall is a good choice since it emphasizes the concept of each brands' flagship store."The products currently launched are inspired by Egyptian relics, such as Egyptian Pharaohs and stone monuments, as well as famous paintings from the museum.The cultural relics are priceless, and the cultural products launched by the British Museum are pricey as well compared to the regular products. An iPhone X cover costs 46 yuan ($6.75) and a roll of decorative masking tape costs 19 yuan. "It's a little bit expensive, but I am willing to pay for it because the design is so original and you don't see many people using it on the street," one user wrote in the comments section of museum's T-mall page. IP authorization another entry pointOpening a T-mall store was not the British Museum's first business attempt in China. In 2017, the British Museum entered Ali Yu, an intellectual property (IP) transaction platform that is a part of the Alibaba Group. Businesses including The Beast, Belle and Hangzhou Paradise Umbrella have all acquired licenses to sell products with elements from the British Museum. According to a July 18 report by Beijing Business News, the British Museum made over $1 million within a month after its cooperation with Ali Yu. The British Museum and Ali Yu's cooperation also boosted the museum's online visitors. It's website got 17 million visits less than a week after a livestream they held together. The museum got a total of 12 million online visits in 2016, according to the Beijing Business News report. "People love to hear stories, and there is a rich story behind each of our collections, and the IP authorization is a new way of telling those stories," Buchanan said in the report.Learning from Chinese counterparts

Items on sale at a Palace Museum pop-up store in Sanlitun, Beijing in 2016. Photo: VCG  

Fans with traditional Chinese calligraphy showcased at the pop-up shop. Photo: VCG
 

Phone cases with cultural elements sold by the Palace Museum. Photo: VCG
 

Figurines of the Palace Museum's cartoon emperor Photo: VCG
 

Shan Jixiang, curator of the Palace Museum, introduces bags inspired by the museum's iconic red gates. Photo: VCG
The British Museum's venture into China's online business world can also be seen as learning from its Chinese counterparts, as the Palace Museum, the National Museum of China and the Summer Palace in Beijing, the Suzhou Museum in Suzhou, Jiangsu Province, and many others have all opened successful e-commerce stores to sell their cultural products. The Palace Museum has two online stores on Taobao and T-mall. The two stores have over 500 cultural products and a total of 3.65 million visitors. Its annual income could reach up to a billion yuan, according to a July 21 report on news portal sina.com. "The Palace Museum's cultural products have already become internet hits through online promotion. I believe the British Museum could also have a bright future in China's online business," said Chen Shaofeng, associate director of Peking University's Cultural Industry Institute."The British Museum has a wide influence and strong attractions around the world. They need to explore Chinese consumers' preferences and adjust their products accordingly," Chen added.  He said, "Selling culture-related products is also a form of cultural export. Intrigued by the design of the cultural products, the museums would also see an increase in consumer interest and be able to attract more visitors to explore further." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Washington's risky calculation of currency warWashington has Cold War instinct to make enemy of itselfChina-Russia ties can reduce dependence on US Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐