Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTThe use and attribution of conceptual language may show us that Easterners and Westerners share more than they think."Those who say it cannot be done should not interrupt those doing it," Ivanka Trump tweeted, attributing the proverb to China. Her tweet has left many Chinese guessing what old saying from Confucius, Taoist books or historical novel she was referring to. Sinologists finally confirmed what many people had already suspected - the proverb wasn't actually Chinese. Its first mention can be traced back to an American newspaper article from 2003, ABC News reported, who has spoken with Larry Herzberg, the director of Asian studies at Calvin College, Michigan, US. The professor, who has published a book on Chinese proverbs, said that it was common in the West to claim a quote was Chinese if one was unsure about its origin. But why do we think that something that sounds deep and meaningful must come from China?For many, China is still the "mystic nation in the East."China has the reputation of being home to many wise old men that spoke enlightened truths, just like Confucius, Laozi and other Eastern philosophers. Popular movies have also contributed to this image."If you only do what you can, you will never be more than you are now," said Shifu in Dream Work's Kung Fu Panda (2008).The practice of giving fortune cookies to guests of Chinese restaurants abroad has certainly confirmed China's image in the West of being a mystic place full of wisdom.China's political leaders appear to have an aura of wisdom surrounding them when they use conceptual metaphors to talk about political and economic realities. Former Chinese President Deng Xiaoping's politics of economic reform are often summarized in the West by quoting his famous saying: "It doesn't matter whether the cat is black or white, as long as it catches the mouse."The Chinese language is indeed rich in figurative expressions. Oftentimes, they deliver conceptual metaphors that can be found in other languages.A plan not falling through in English falls into the soup in Chinese and into the water in German. Who beats around the bush in English turns around  curves and the corners in Chinese and talks around hot porridge in German.Linguists debate the question of whether or not language shapes our thoughts. From my experience from learning four languages, I would like to argue the other way around: Our thoughts, values and the way we perceive the world shape our language. In other words, we might be more similar than we think. While we attribute proverbs of unknown origin to China, Chinese attribute them to the West. They call it a "Western proverb."The following popular wisdom is claimed by both Confucius and Jesus:"Do not do unto others what you would not have them do unto you."It is a concept that can be found in almost every culture because it is the condensed form of how people would like to interact with each other regardless of where they live. Its universal acceptance shows that, perhaps, we should pay more attention to the content of those proverbs and how we can live by them instead of fighting over their origin. So give Ivanka a break.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐