Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTThe word university is derived from the Latin universitas magistrorum et scholarium, which roughly translates into "community of teachers and scholars."Pioneering English institutions such as Oxford and Cambridge, continental European forerunners, such as Leiden, and modern-day Ivy League schools, such as Harvard and Yale, are all open communities unbounded by walls.In China, however, leading institutions of higher learning have traditionally been walled compounds, as represented by Peking University, which is also known as Beida. It's extremely difficult to enter such prestigious universities, given the astronomically high scores required to get in. Beida is also tough to enter in literal terms too, given the limited space available within the walled compound and the millions of people attracted to the school's historical, architectural and scenic beauty as well as its academic reputation. I laud the efforts of the campus administrators who try to open up the university a little bit so that admiring outsiders, including tourists and aspiring students, get a chance to enter the compound. It has been announced that the university will offer a campus tour to up to 6,000 lucky visitors this summer. To enter the campus, visitors must book online seven days in advance. The booking rule is strict, granting only one admission per ID or phone number throughout the entire summer holiday. According to campus administrators, the online booking system is designed to curtail scalping and unscrupulous tour guides. Beida has always existed as a walled compound, from her root in the Red Mansion in the city center to the famous watery compound by the Nameless Lake.Is making the institution an open university without walls a wild dream? The same question applies to Tsinghua University, Beida's rival and neighbor, as well as other leading Chinese universities clustered in Beijing's Haidian district. Calls for dismantling walls around some of the compounds in the city have been made many times, and as universities like Beida and Tsinghua largely run on public funding, I'd say they fall under the category of potential targets whose surrounding walls should be demolished. They could merge with their neighborhoods. Such physical integration may well lead to some exciting chemistry too, as academia would engage better and more directly with the community. Of course, dismantling campus walls is a radical measure that would disrupt the current city layout and affect tons of important things, including local transportation, community welfare and safety. Challenges are obvious and enormous. City planners, education administrators and local leaders must engage and find the best solution. Even if dismantling campus walls is not feasible, it doesn't mean Beida and its neighbors can't be closer or more accessible to the general public. Of course, I'm not saying they should change the institutions of higher learning into tourist spots. What I hope is that the universities could interact more with the community even with their walls still standing. If all the institutions of higher learning turn themselves into open universities, figuratively speaking, our capital would undoubtedly become wiser, happier and more sophisticated.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US sincerity in solving North Korea nuclear issue questionedChina hastens process to reduce cancer drug prices as film on smuggled India drugs makes splashRebound in Chinese travel to S.Korea depends on action on THAAD World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐