Illustration: Xia Qing/GTDo you have a particular place you've always wanted to visit? If the answer is yes, have you ever considered taking a solo trip there just for a few days?For many people, traveling alone can be intimidating. Although being a solo backpacker and exploring the world on their own have always been a dream in their hearts since childhood, most people have repeatedly been told that the outside world is dangerous. The thought of going on a solo trip excites and terrifies them at the same time, and few end up stepping out of their comfort zone and going on meaningful adventures.It is normal to have some trouble traveling alone because humans are social animals and prefer to have company on a journey. There are also some awkward moments one might encounter. For example, being alone on the road, you might have to ask strangers to take your photos wherever you go, and sometimes, if you join a tour halfway, you could be bombarded with questions regarding whether you just broke up with your boyfriend or girlfriend or why you don't have friends or family around. But despite all these possible awkward scenarios, I would still recommend that you travel alone at least once in your life.First, traveling solo gives you the perfect opportunity to do everything you wish without worrying about others' needs and wants. If you want, you can read on a bench beside a river for the whole afternoon without being disturbed. You are free to wander around on different streets and appreciate graffiti art. You can hang out at little stores and feel the rhythm of the city. You can also get rid of that dull daily routine that always makes you feel tired.If you make good use of it, traveling alone can also be an incredible journey of self-discovery, as you'll finally have time to reflect on your life. Sometimes we just need a short break to adjust before we proceed with certain goals. We do things; we get confused or lost, and it is important to take some time off and think about the solutions. When we take a break from our usual work or study life, it is easier for us to figure out what to do. A solo trip allows us to have this pause. It lets us calm down and really reflect on what changes to make for our future. The solitude helps us figure out what we really want to fight for in this big world. It is quite an empowering experience, as you're alone in an unfamiliar city feeling like you're finally taking life into your own hands.Traveling by yourself is also quite easy. All you need to do is to pack your bags, take your passport, get up your courage and go somewhere. Go out and enjoy being alone, explore the unknown, make some friends, read a book, treat yourself to pastries and get to know more about yourself and the world. Try it. I promise you will not regret it.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Wanna One's Kang Daniel boosts sales of Elle Korea after landing on coverTrade war likely to usher world into chaosChina must prepare for US' containment World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐