A nurse vaccinates a child at a hospital in Changan township, Rongan county, Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region on Monday. Photo: VCG
Chinese parents are anxious about giving their children a repeat vaccine shot after local authorities promised to provide repeat dosages to children who were injected with substandard vaccines last year. The vaccine targets diphtheria, pertussis or whooping cough, and tetanus. Some parents are hesitating to allow their children to take the shot again, and some are determined to turn to imported products.The move came after Changsheng Biotechnology Corporation, the country's major producer of vaccines for children, was fined 3 million yuan ($443,000) for providing substandard vaccines to children, which enraged the public. Netizens were furious about the light fine imposed on the company and demanded authorities to disclose the location of the substandard vaccinations and whether the government will provide remedial measures to the children who received them.According to the official website of Shandong's Center for Disease Control, 252,600 doses of substandard vaccines produced by the company went to eight cities and were injected to 215,184 children. The children's information has been registered and there is no increased rate of abnormal reactions, said the center. It added that 96.93 percent of the children who received the substandard vaccines have been injected with vaccines produced by other enterprises since then. The substandard vaccines are safe but they may not be effective in providing immunity, officials have said. Separately, the Center for Disease Control of Hebei said that substandard vaccines went to three cities and affected 143,941 children. The center also said that there is no increase in abnormal reactions."We have released a specific plan for those who need to re-inject vaccines on how many dosages the children need and when they should get the injections," an official from the center told the Global Times on Monday. Many parents have called the center to ask how to inject the vaccines but many still showed their concern about the vaccines' safety, according to the official."My child has been injected with three doses of substandard DPT vaccines. I really do not want to put my boy in misery again but I have to for the sake of his immunity," said a resident surnamed Xu in Shijiazhuang, capital of Hebei. "If it is not the government's compulsory requirement, I would rather not inject any vaccines," said a Shijiazhuang resident surnamed Duo. President Xi Jinping has ordered a thorough investigation into the illegal vaccine production case and serious punishment of those found responsible, said the Xinhua News Agency on Monday.According to China's regulations on vaccinations, schools must check children's medical records before admission. If they find children failed to get required vaccinations, the school must report the children to the local disease control agency, which will urge the guardians to compete the shots."Chinese people under the age of 50 have been injected with domestic vaccines and it proves that the medicines are reliable. We can't condemn the whole domestic vaccine industry because of one enterprise's scandal," Zeng Guang, a medical expert at the Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention, told the Global Times on Monday. Parents could choose imported vaccines but should not trust them blindly. There is no guarantee that imported vaccines are absolutely safe and the standards of security and effectiveness for both are the same, said Zeng.Newspaper headline: Parents anxious about repeat vaccinations Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Chinese military arrives in Russia for annual drills, bringing state-of-the-art hardwareUS fails to bag allies against China at G20Washington tramples on multilateralism with domestic laws Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐