Dozens of representatives from overseas associations of Chinese students, most of whom are students studying abroad, gathered in Shanghai recently to share their ideas on the city's development as an excellent global city at a seminar held by Shanghai Overseas Returned Scholars Association (SORSA). Their topics covered various fields including transportation, environmental protection, culture, technological innovation and medical care. According to a March report by Laodong Daily, more and more Chinese students studying abroad are coming to Shanghai, as the city has been taking sweeping measures to introduce such talents.More than 150,000 returned Chinese students are now working or running their own business in Shanghai. In 2017, 9,443 returned students had settled down and obtained a hukou (household registration) in Shanghai, up 32 percent year-on-year.Zhu Lingling, vice president and secretary-general of SORSA, told the Global Times that returned students work in a diverse variety of fields. According to Zhu, apart from high technology and universities, which have long been favored by returned students, cultural and creative industries are also attracting more returned students.Moreover, plenty of returned students have also started up their own business in China. The Global Times interviewed several students at the seminar to better understand their future plans and expectations on local career development.Tao Juan, vice president of China Scholarship Council Students and Scholars Association in Munich, is now studying for her doctoral degree in law science at the University of Munich in Germany. "I will definitely return to China after I graduate," she told the Global Times, "The longer I stay overseas, the more I feel my roots are in China."Tao added that she has been thinking to do something for her country as long as she learns something new overseas, especially in law. "I want to bring the differences that I saw overseas to China," she said, explaining that she would like to go to big cities like Beijing or Shanghai in the future to work with universities or other international institutions which require overseas experiences.

Representatives from overseas associations of Chinese students share their ideas at a seminar in Shanghai on Friday. Photos: Courtesy of Shanghai Overseas Returned Scholars Association
Ideas and influencesTao said she is happy to see that China is implementing different policies to attract talents. However, she thinks that China should pay more attention to the humanities and social science students. According to Tao, compared with students majoring in science or engineering, those majoring in the humanities and social sciences are less favored by Chinese companies.Tao thinks that building a global excellent city is largely based on technologies, yes, but it should not be the be-all-end-all of favored careers. "Some issues including new legal relationships and ethical problems still need to be solved by the humanities and social sciences," she said.She also believes that the humanities and social sciences can contribute to better mutual understanding in international exchanges, considering the cultural backgrounds of different countries or regions.Chen Qizheng, vice president of the Association of Chinese Students and Scholars at Yale, went to high school in the US in 2011. He is now studying for his master's degree in environmental health science at Yale.He intends to work for one to three years in the US and then come back to China. "My family is in China, and I also want to do something for my home country in the environment," Chen told the Global Times, explaining that working for the government could help him get better involved in environmental protection."I can feel great changes happen in China every time I come back, including those in infrastructure, internet, consumption level and also people's minds. Everything is gaining rapid progress, especially compared with the US," Chen said, adding that he hopes China will continue to absorb diverse ideas and opinions as it has been doing in its reform and opening-up.Cheng Zhixin, president of the Chinese Student and Scholar Association (Australian Capital Territory Region), went to Australia to study for a master's degree in 2014. She is now studying for a doctoral degree in physical oceanography at the University of New South Wales in Australia.Cheng told the Global Times that she plans to stay in Australia for a while to conduct postdoctoral research or work with a research institution after graduation, so as to accumulate more academic experience. After that she intends to return to China to work at a university or research institution.She thinks that academic development in marine science is now more prospective in China, as the country has been paying greater attention to this aspect. China is also making investments in rehabilitating and improving the ecological environment of its gulfs, according to Cheng.Moreover, she found that Shanghai boasts many influential and mature research teams. She hopes that she will be able to make her impact on China's efforts in marine protection, which she believes will boost the economic development of the country in return."I am glad to see that our country is now paying attention to this," she said, adding that her first choice is Shanghai. "I feel that Shanghai is more tolerant than Australia, as every industry here is provided with an opportunity to grow and develop," she said.

Zhu Lingling
 

Tao Juan
 

Cheng Zhixin
 

Chen Qizheng Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Cooperation with China benefits UK strategicallyUK foreign secretary to visit China with anti-protectionism in mindUK seeks post-Brexit deals with China The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐