Chinese get roughly two hours of leisure time a day, while their European counterparts enjoy more than double the time, studies show. Photo: VCG

Cutting work hours can increase productivity, says New Zealand research findings. Photo: VCGWang Zi has got the looks. His dark clothing fits his black beard, black frames and dark blue hair. He has a job to match too - a management position in a trendy hair salon in Wudaokou, Beijing and clients from the city's best schools and highest paying tech firms. The only thing he doesn't have is free time."I work seven days a week, 14 hours a day," he told Metropolitan. "When I don't work, I sleep."In 2017, the average leisure time was 2.27 hours per day for Chinese workers, whereas in the US, Germany and the UK it is about five hours, a July 2018 green paper published by the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences (CASS) said. The green paper recommends more leisure time for China.The report suggested a gradual implementation of three leisure days per week. Large and medium-sized State-owned enterprises in selected industries in eastern China will start pilots with the four-day workweek in 2020. The programs will run until 2025 when the four-day or 36-hour workweek will be implemented in selected industries in China's central and eastern regions. The four-day workweek is recommended for  national implementation in 2030.For Wang, who spends almost 100 hours a week at his workplace, having three days off seems like a distant dream."I would go traveling if I had more free time," he said. "But to be honest, I don't think this policy will be implemented in the hairdressing industry."

Fabrice Layet Photo: Katrin Büchenbacher

Lü Xiang Photo: Katrin Büchenbacher

Wang Zi Photo: Katrin Büchenbacher

Linda Wang Photo: Katrin BüchenbacherLess work time, more efficiencyReducing work hours and increasing leisure time could be beneficial for individual productivity, as a New Zealand company's experiment with the four-day workweek has shown."Employees reported a 24 percent improvement in work-life balance and came back to work energized after their days off," human resources professor Jarrod Haar, who studied the effects of the experiment on the staff, told the New York Times on July 19, 2018. When looking at the annual work hours, Beijing counts among the global average with 2,096 hours, a 2018 study by Swiss bank UBS found. Romans work 1,581 hours per year, while the people in Mumbai top the list with 3,315 work hours a year. Looking at vacation days, Beijing counts among the lowest with 9.7 days a year on average.Should China further decrease work hours and increase leisure time? In the 2000s, France did exactly that, reducing the work hours from 40 to 35 hours per week.Fabrice Layet, a French economics professor at the Beijing Institute of Technology, said the French are "highly efficient" when at work due to the reduced time they spend there. Also, the French economy did not see a noticeable change from the new policy. On the contrary, an additional day created growth opportunities in the education, leisure, retail, restaurant and tourism industries."By having extra time, you are suddenly able to do things that you weren't able to do in the past," he said.Layet thinks the policy would not negatively affect China's GDP, as it is a mere "relocation of time and human resources."A distant dreamOn the downside, a lot of leisure time might not be beneficial to the mental health and wellbeing of everyone."If you have a lot of free time, but you don't have the disposable income for leisure activities because you have loans or financial obligations, you will stay at home, have nothing to do and start to question your life," Layet said. Fewer work hours may increase feelings of anxiety over financial security and job stability.Lü Xiang, a teacher at a private language school in Beijing, enjoys going to work every day and opposes the four-day workweek. "If I stay at home, I get bored easily," he said. "For people who like their job, three days of leisure time might not be suitable," he said.At the same time, he enjoys the autonomy he has in arranging his approximately 30 classes per week and said he gets enough time to spend on his hobbies every day.Linda Wang, who interns for a government institution during the summer, thinks that the more days off, the better. She works every day from 9 am to 6 pm. On Chinese microblogging platform Weibo, skepticism towards the proposed workweek dominated public debate. While some want it to start earlier than 2030, those who work a lot of overtime find it hard to believe that the recommendation would impact their lives."The private sector should start by respecting basic labor law," one user wrote. Another said, "My boss would never agree with this." Likewise, Wang thinks that a four-day-workweek would be "fantastic." However, he might have to continue working 14 hours a day, at least until 2030."A four-day workweek will not come true for me," he said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐