Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTHeading to Beijing this time last year was a rollercoaster of emotions.At the end of my six months in China, I made friends I will never forget, I understood cultures only seen on TV and in books but only made little headway learning Chinese. Needless to say, it did not matter. The warmth, generosity and patience of strangers and passersby, the unyielding modernization of the city and translation apps left me pleasantly surprised with Beijing.I rarely needed Chinese. On my birthday, for example, I was alone in the city. Everyone I knew was out of town, so I decided to make a day of it myself. I went shopping. After three blissful hours, I strode confidently up to the billing counter and for a minute, I assumed everyone spoke English. But there was a hiccup. After ringing up my items, the woman behind the counter spoke animatedly in Chinese, but all I could do was stare helplessly. I thought she was asking cash or card, and I pulled out some notes, but she shook her head. When I tried the translation app on my phone, the low battery signal popped up. We stood there for a few minutes, her speaking in Chinese and me with my English when another cashier said, "A couple of your purchases are part of the sale and cannot be exchanged once bought." Another day, I had the privilege of driving in a police car to the police station. I had lost my wallet in a foreign land. During that 20-minute ride, I realized the eagerness and kindness of people.Speaking in a mix of Chinese and English, the young police officer did all he could to put me at ease. He asked about my stay in Beijing, my work and my country. Only later did I realize what he was attempting - he knew that as foreigners we are wary of the police, so he smiled and spoke. In the end, the procedure at the police station took a couple of hours and the wallet did not matter anymore. I had made friend.On the subway, a group of five eager young boys surrounded us, and one of the boys came forward. They were students of communication engineering and were conducting a survey on the experiences of users regarding mobile payment gateways. All five wished to conduct an interview individually, though not all were fluent in English. One boy took turns translating for each of his friends. "I am lucky to have learned English, so I help the others. They are also learning; it is very important. Every time I speak to a foreigner, my English improves," he had said.There are many pleasant memories of getting by without Chinese, but I have to remember that I was surrounded by friends who helped me every step of the way. Perhaps, without their help, Beijing may not have been so easy to navigate. Beijing itself has changed, I was told, since the 2008 Olympics. Almost all street signs are in English as are the subway announcements. Restaurants invariably have a separate menus in English, and most establishments make it a point to hire an employee who speaks a foreign language.China is changing - slowly, inexorably and for the better for English speakers like me.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Cooperation with China benefits UK strategicallyUK foreign secretary to visit China with anti-protectionism in mindUK seeks post-Brexit deals with China The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐