China launched two satellites for Pakistan on a Long March-2C rocket from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center in Northwest China's Gansu Province on Monday.A scientific experiment satellite, PakTES-1A, developed by Pakistan, was sent into orbit via the rocket. After entering orbit, the PRSS-1, China's first optical remote sensing satellite sold to Pakistan, is in good condition with its solar panels unfolded smoothly, the Xinhua News Agency reported. "China and Pakistan are all-weather strategic cooperative partners… It is China's responsibility to help Pakistan in its development, especially in terms of space industry, where it needs help," Hu Zhiyong, a research fellow at the Institute of International Relations of the Shanghai Academy of Social Sciences, told the Global Times on Monday.The PRSS-1, which has a design life of seven years, will be used for land and resources surveying, monitoring of natural disasters, agriculture research, urban construction and providing remote sensing information for the Belt and Road region, Xinhua reported. The satellite is equipped with two cameras, which designers say can be used to monitor plant diseases and pests. The satellite has an information security design, and the data can be encrypted.When the satellite flies over Pakistan, it can send back real-time images, said Xinhua. "Pakistan is in a special geographical location with a lot of mountainous areas. It also has a high population density," said Hu. "It is difficult to conduct surveying and research on the ground. The best way to do it is via satellites," he stressed.It is another space cooperation between China and Pakistan since the launch of PAKSAT-1R, a communication satellite, in August 2011.The launch showed close ties between China and Pakistan, and highlights Chinese contribution to the development of the China-Pakistan Economic Corridor and the Belt and Road initiative, said Hu. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass 'Crooked Hillary' and 'Slippery Comey': Horowitz About to Drop a Bomb – AnalystNew Delhi will not sacrifice principles for Indo-Pacific strategyUS 
warships play psychological game in Taiwan Straits World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐