Illustration: Chen Xia/GTAn increasing number of Western universities are recognizing the results of China's national college entrance exams (gaokao) as one assessment criteria to select students from China, instead of requiring them to sit foreign exams such as the Scholastic Aptitude Test (SAT).According to an article from The Economist in June, the University of New Hampshire was the first public university in America to recognize gaokao results, which joined several private American universities such as New York University and the University of San Francisco. There are also about 30 universities in Canada that allow gaokao results to be used instead of the SAT or similar tests. The University of Sydney in Australia pioneered this act in 2012.This, undoubtedly, is a blessing for Chinese students who want to enter Western universities even if they only achieved mediocre gaokao scores. Nevertheless, they should remain clear-headed about this, as these universities only recognize gaokao as one of many assessment criteria. There are still other hurdles.They are aware that gaokao scores are a relatively fair indicator of a candidate's academic abilities. An admissions officer at New York University said that gaokao assesses "a different readiness." They also know its limitations, such as the lack of oral English competency or critical thinking abilities. Therefore, Western universities require additional evidence of English proficiency and extracurricular activities.The broadening of assessment criteria is the result of the rise of both demand and supply, which is a fact that Chinese applicants and their parents should be aware of. To be more specific, the craze for overseas studies still permeates China and, thus, a rising demand emerges. On the other hand, some universities are scaling up enrollment from China partly for economic benefits. Altogether, these factors account for the acceptance of gaokao scores. It is true that this new policy makes it more convenient for Chinese students to step foot on foreign soil to receive an international education, promote self-growth, enrich their life experiences and fulfill academic, career and life aspirations. But the post-gaokao world is far more complicated for Chinese students, as the capabilities and skills required of them by Western universities are far more comprehensive and demanding. Western universities mostly employ a "strict exit" policy, so higher requirements are set on students' on-campus academic performance. For Chinese high school graduates who plan to study abroad, it takes effort in adapting to and succeeding in a totally different cultivating pattern abroad after years of strict studies in China. For instance, some Chinese students designated to study aboard were eventually repatriated simply because of their English incompetency. Unlike in China, where students enjoy their families' care and focus on their schoolwork without being distracted by the hustle and bustle of life, those who study abroad must live independently, attending to all kinds of issues, looking after themselves and studying. They also need to resist a wide range of Western-style temptations in order to stay focused on what is truly important so as to achieve academic excellence.These factors all add to the challenges of studying abroad, but those who can overcome these challenges will definitely become mature, responsible and successful adults following their rewarding and fulfilling four years overseas.It is a mixed blessing for Chinese students that Western universities now accept gaokao scores as an assessment criteria, so there is no reason to be complacent about it. Deliberation is essential before deciding to join in the massive influx of Chinese studying overseas, because what is in store for them are bigger challenges and greater risks than they have ever experienced.However, this will be worthwhile for them, as people grow by conquering their difficulties. What they should bear in mind is that, wherever they are, in which university they study, a humble and enterprising mind and good work ethic are always needed. Indeed, they are important in every endeavor in life. The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Xi delivers clear message on rights to MattisNepal PM's China visit puts ties on a new roadIn 17 years, China grows from newcomer to experienced player in WTO World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐