Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTI couldn't have imaged that watching a documentary could eventually end up with me putting on weight.The popular Chinese documentary series Rensheng Yichuan (life on skewers) released its last episode on Wednesday. It is about shaokao, or barbecue on skewers, which can be predominantly found in night markets and street food stalls across the country. Watching how the meat is grilled, how people from 30 cities enjoy various styles of shaokao and how the documentary features more than 500 legendary barbecue stalls, I couldn't help but pick up my phone and message my friends to ask them out for some late night treats. And if I can't convince them to come out with me, I will just order it online.When one needs comfort foods, they rarely crave a French feast or think of the city's most trendy snack bars and exotic restaurants. I do not want to see those on documentaries either. I am almost certain that any Chinese out there, or foreigners who have lived in China for some time, would want nothing more than some chuanr with a couple of friends.The Chinese people's craving for barbecue is probably written in our genes. Correction, the obsession of cooking meat and sometimes vegetables over an open flame is shared across the world, and it started a long, long time ago. Imagine how our ancestors enjoyed cooked meat for the first time. Lightening struck and started a forest fire. Afterwards, people were allured by a strange yet intoxicating aroma and tried a piece of cooked food, and it blew their minds.Since then, how people appreciate their food has changed a lot. Nowadays it's all about losing weight and keeping cholesterol low - no fat, no gluten, no red meat or no meat at all.But it seems that the beautiful memory of meat cooked over fire lasts, and modern day shaokao still brings the same level of comfort and excitement as it did tens of thousands of years ago.I think what makes this documentary successful is that they chose the right kind of food - one that is loved by many. The series has been rated 8.9 out of 10 on the Chinese social networking  platform Douban.com.Sometimes you don't have to lecture people on history, culture, health or the economy. People are already under a lot of pressure, and they are tired of thinking. Grilled meat on sticks is all they need.You might have heard this really old, dorky saying before: There's no problem in the world that can't be solved by barbecue. A barbecue shop is where problems are forgotten and people who are shy and not so sociable, such as me, can enjoy themselves in a relaxed way. All people, rich or poor, bankers or construction workers, are all nibbling oil-dripping meat off of sticks together. All the ladies too, and they don't care that the heat is ruining their perfect foundation and rosy lip gloss.As the night deepens and the alcohol kicks in, slightly tipsy friends ramble about their work while their meat on sticks is being grilled up and served. And there is no better moment than when this delicious, meaty, greasy treat is in front of you.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Cooperation with China benefits UK strategicallyUK foreign secretary to visit China with anti-protectionism in mindUK seeks post-Brexit deals with China The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐