In response to Shanghai residents' demands for better and more diverse healthcare services, the municipal government has recently launched new guidelines to improve city healthcare services by 2035.In order to better understand the challenges in the current healthcare service system, as well as the people's healthcare needs, the municipal government sought out commentary on the proposed guidelines. Medical institutions, healthcare service companies, experts, and the general public all participated during the commentary period and gave valuable insights on how to improve healthcare in Shanghai. Drafting began on the fifty new guidelines at the end of 2017. On July 24, Shanghai Vice Mayor Weng Tiehui told reporters that the guidelines were drafted based on Shanghai's advantages and resources in healthcare service, and conformed with the highest international standards in the healthcare field. Weng also introduced the main content of the development guidelines, addressing three key areas, medical treatment service, healthcare service, and health insurance. Healthcare industry development In order to support the development of these areas, a number of healthcare institutions and industrial clusters are expected to be established in Shanghai. These healthcare industry development areas will be set up in different districts throughout Shanghai. Healthcare insurance exchange centers are also in development as a key component of this plan. Local authorities also aim to invest further improving Shanghai's competitive advantages in domestic and international medical fields. An estimated 1.29 billion yuan ($190.4 million) is expected to be invested to between 2018 and 2020 to reach these goals. New policiesAccording to the guidelines, new policies aim to make the management of Shanghai's healthcare service industry more flexible and systematic. These policies aim to simplify the approval process for Chinese-foreign joint venture medical institutions, and will support healthcare institutions in terms of taxation, land, and human resources. Certified healthcare service companies will enjoy a 15 percent preferential taxation rate, a steep reduction from the previous rate of 25 percent. Certified medical personnel will also be allowed to work for different medical centers.Tightened supervisionSince healthcare is critical to the life and safety of the people, a robust system of supervision will also be launched to implement these new policies. Included among the enforcement provisions will be a requirement that all medical staff in Shanghai certify their professional qualifications. Additionally a blacklist system for medical and healthcare institutions will be established; institutions with dishonest and illegal practices will be required to exit the market. Increased hiring for healthcare administration staff will help to implement these new policies and guidelines. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐