It was 6:40 pm on the Peking University campus in Beijing's Haidian district when we all settled down for our three-hour class. Dressed exactly like the students with his backpack on, he entered our class of about 30 international students and took a seat, determined to achieve his seemingly impossible assignment - taking as many photos of us foreign students as he could.I saw him, thought he was a new face sitting next to me and was eager to say hi. I was surprised that he could not speak any English and thought he was probably the only student who spoke a different language in our English-medium class. Notwithstanding the suspicion, we continued to learn together with this "classmate on a mission," but he could not wait to begin his mission. Armed with a selfie stick, the man got down to business. I was his immediate neighbor, so I was the first to be in his selfie album. Students were scattered across the classroom, but he quickly overcame the challenge by stretching.He took a couple of selfies from the outset of the class until the break an hour later. During the break, a girl walked up to our professor to report the man's behavior and asked that the man delete all the photos he took. Our teaching assistant intervened to arbitrate the matters, a move that ultimately led to the man's admission.When asked in Chinese, the man responded that he was not a student, an answer that completely shocked the students. He added that he was eager to have photos of foreigners and explained that he could not meet so many foreigners on the streets of Beijing.We all chuckled, but this was an indisputable fact. I thought taking photos of foreigners without their consent was only common on the streets, but it seems to be accelerating and getting funnier.If you are really yearning for a photo with a foreigner, it is reasonable to ask. Trust me; you would have more and better portraits.Unauthorized photos are often taken with shaky hands and a lot of apprehension and end up being blurry. Hence seeking approval yields better quality images. Most foreigners are generous and will not deny you a selfie with them.At the end of our bickering in class, some of my classmates offered to take better photos with the anxious man, which was very kind of them.Have fun with the foreigners in China!This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Can China-Myanmar Economic Corridor overcome hurdles to progress?China, India race for future technologies as Ambani beats Ma as Asia's richest man US think tank article blind to reality of China-US trade relationship 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challengeSelf-driving taxis to test in California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐