It was the last day of my summer vacation in Los Angeles, US, where I backpacked alone for two weeks. The trip had been fantastic, and I felt sad that I had to leave.I was packing when a message came in from a local guy whom I had never met but had been in contact with online for a few months.I was thrilled to catch him at the last minute. It is always fun to be able to match a face with a name.We met at Union Station. I was wondering what he looked like when a white sports car stopped in front of me.Out came a short, skinny guy. Honestly speaking, I didn't like what I saw because there was something unnerving in his eyes.However, I was willing to let it pass because strong, independent women like me don't judge a book by its cover. He invited me to go for coffee. As soon as I got in, he told me he needed to stop by his place before we went out. My heart started to sink. I said no, I don't have enough time, but he insisted, saying I should play by his rules once in his car.It was at that time that I realized I had made a huge mistake. My imagination ran wild about a murder headline the next day. The thought scared me. I kept asking him to stop the car.He stopped it at a back street where there were only a few cars passing by and asked me what the problem was. I said I didn't feel good, and I wanted to go back.He said ok, but asked for a kiss. I kept my cool and told him that Chinese women don't kiss on a first date.He then looked into my eyes and said something I will never forget, "You know I could have asked for more."That was it. I grabbed my backpack and jumped out of his car before he could even react.I heard the sound of him starting the engine, so I ran across the street into a residential area and knocked on one of the doors. I found myself crying in front of three young men. I told them someone was running after me, so they took me in and called the police. Half an hour later the police came. After learning what happened, one of the officers said, "Lady, sometimes you do need to judge a book by its cover." He then added, "Have a nice journey back to Japan!"This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐