With a desperate urgency that would make it hard for a seasoned police line operator to keep their poise, a food deliveryman called and asked me to meet him at the door of my building because something was wrong with the security intercom, and I couldn't open the door for him. "Please hurry. I'm having a very busy day," he said in a burning blur of sounds. "I can't fly down five floors," I retorted exasperatedly, the intensity of my voice mirroring that of his. "Could you just wait as I get down the stairs?"On another occasion, a deliveryman, after waiting about five minutes for me to pick up the food, groused after my apology that he wouldn't have waited this long if it were during peak hours. He repeated the same thinly-veiled blame over and over again, as if I had done something unforgivable.This breathless haste, fueled by an absolute worship of efficiency, is a huge part of the success of the delivery industry in China. The waiting periods for packages once measured in weeks can be now measured in days, and those in days, hours. All of that is made possible by the ubiquitous delivery riders of electric tricycles loaded with anticipation and surprises. While their hard graft is admirable, how they go about earning an honest living is not unquestionable. From sidewalks blocked by delivery tricycles to those vehicles dangerously threading through traffic, the boom of delivery services across China is tainted by disregard, if not pure hatred, for anything that slows the delivery process. This impatience sometimes crosses over into attitude to receivers perceived to be at fault for any delays in completing the delivery, especially food deliverymen who work through pretty hectic rush hours. While it's only natural that people want to make the most of their opportunities to make money, the constant hastiness and monstrous stress the couriers work under is far from something to envy, not to mention the risks. There must be another way to maximize efficiency that is less reckless and stressful. The answer could be delivery robots. Such robots, developed by JD.com, for example, are on road trials in Beijing. The four-wheeled, sensor-laden cart can send 1,000 packages a day, 10 times what a human courier can manage, and all without calling you to get down the stairs as if your building was on fire.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Cooperation with China benefits UK strategicallyUK foreign secretary to visit China with anti-protectionism in mindUK seeks post-Brexit deals with China The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐