It used to be the "seven-year itch." Now, it's more like the "three-year itch" or in some cases two. It makes one wonder what marriage really means.There has always been a clash between tradition and contemporary times as well as a value gap between parents and their children. The sight of parents hanging up posters with their child's photo and details in many of the city's parks in the hope of snagging a partner for them is a sign of ongoing social pressure, desperation and conflicting values. Positive family values are dying, and we are faced with more lingering social issues than ever, from the aging population to low birth rates and more cases of celibacy and divorce. Statistics show no sign of improvement. In the first half of 2017, 5.58 million people got married, a drop of 7.5 percent from the previous year, and 1.86 million people filed for divorce, a 10.3 percent rise compared with 2016. The first quarter of 2018 also shows a 5.7 percent fall in marriage applications. The numbers vary when it comes to divorce. But whether it is China's ranking 10th globally for the country with the highest divorce rate or having a third of its marriages end in divorce, it is clear that rising divorce rates and fewer marriages aren't good news for the current low birth rate. While some argue that higher education influences the younger generation's choices in staying single or delaying marriage, it's not that simple. Similarly, attributing adults' ease in choosing to end a marriage rather than fix it to the one-child policy would not consider all the facts, as official surveys have cited cheating, domestic violence, tense family relationships, housing and financial pressure as some of the causes. Some of my friends remain single by choice. "No money, no honey," or "I can barely look after myself," they say. With the reform and opening-up, China's development has skyrocketed, and with it comes added stress, rising living costs and competition which can be off-putting for some of those wishing to start a family. The response shouldn't be to pressure people into unions they don't want or cannot maintain. Society should be more accommodating of people's lifestyle choices. There is no need to judge, glorify or demonize marriage. Divorce and marriage are not decisions to be taken lightly, and there should be greater importance attached to positive family values. People can work out their challenges with honesty and active communication.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US sincerity in solving North Korea nuclear issue questionedChina hastens process to reduce cancer drug prices as film on smuggled India drugs makes splashRebound in Chinese travel to S.Korea depends on action on THAAD World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐