As the 2018 FIFA World Cup wages on in Russia, Shanghai residents are enjoying soccer here at home. China (Shanghai) International Youth Football Invitational 2018, an emerging annual competition involving some of the best local youngsters as well as invited international teams, recently kicked off amid huge fanfare. The 2018 games represent the fourth installment of the U17 competition, which, according to official statistics, has gathered in Shanghai 16 teams from 10 countries and regions. Even though China failed to qualify for the FIFA World Cup finals following its last and only appearance in the 2002 competition, the country in recent years has come to love the game. Shanghai, home of two top CSL teams, has a huge fan base who are enthusiastic about both professional football and amateur local games. The youth soccer invitational is part of the city's endeavors to make the game more attractive to local youth. Indeed, youth competitions are a great way to cultivate and stimulate future stars. However, unlike professional games that have the backing of big money, youth games oftentimes are challenged by a lack of key resources. Shanghai, nevertheless, has the funding, event organizing expertise, aspiring players and supportive parents and teachers to make these youth games a true success. The emerging Shanghai Invitational has taken root and is growing strong. I'd recommend Shanghai to aim even bigger and higher, though. The Shanghai U17 competition should become the to-go U17 competition for all of the world's best youngsters. A ready case for reference is the annual Toulon Tournament in France. Known as the unofficial U21 world championship, Toulon in France is a summer pilgrimage for youngsters who dream that their team will be invited to the competition. Compared with the Toulon Tournament, which dates back to 1974, the Shanghai Invitational is still a baby. Nevertheless, Shanghai has the ambition and is already the leading youth soccer event in China. The key now is to attract international teams. I am confident that Shanghai has the resources and hardware to host top international U17 teams. With successful past installments, local backing for the Shanghai Invitational is strong, meaning successive games are likely to receive even bigger resources. Stadiums, training facilities, accommodation and funding support are not likely to be the question. The biggest attraction to top international teams is not the hardware or even potential financial gains. Oftentimes, aspiring young players look to playing against the best teams in the world. Unfortunately, this is what the Shanghai youth soccer invitational lacks. Top local soccer clubs are far from being the global best.Therefore, the key lies in how to sharpen our local youth teams, not only in Shanghai but in other cities across China. Over the past few years, adult CSL teams, backed by major buying of such elite international players as Hulk and Oscar, have given shining performances in continental AFC competitions, but CSL youngsters have yet to prove themselves. Solid work has to be done to cultivate our young teams. While big purchases are indeed a shortcut to quick success, never forget the true meaning of soccer, as it helps young people grow happy and healthy. Soccer talents backed not only by money and hardware but also good science in training and teamwork are true assets to attract international teams to Shanghai.

Illustration: Chen Xia/GTThe opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass US sincerity in solving North Korea nuclear issue questionedChina hastens process to reduce cancer drug prices as film on smuggled India drugs makes splashRebound in Chinese travel to S.Korea depends on action on THAAD World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐