China's media watchdog vowed to provide funds to encourage the development of more television programs and dramas that depict the revolutionary martyrs' spirit, as the country steps up efforts to protect their legacy. Analyst said the move will help promote a revolutionary culture and develop the red genes of the Communist Party of China (CPC) among the Chinese public. The State Administration of Press, Publication, Radio, Film and Television (SAPPRFT) issued a notice on Tuesday, pledging to provide special fund and give policy preference to television dramas on heroes or martyrs' stories. SAPPRFT said the notice aims to better implement the law on protecting the reputation and honor of heroes and martyrs, which took effect in May. It requires television broadcasters and internet video platforms to air these works on important memorial days and also give special attention to producing shows for minors, strengthen education on patriotism, collectivism and socialism. "Works on heroes and martyrs carry the responsibility of spreading the red culture. It will help the Chinese public better understand why the country chose the road of socialism with Chinese characteristics and why the CPC leadership should be enhanced," Wang Sixin, a professor at Communication University of China, told the Global Times.Some people attempted to spread "historical nihilism," or the denial of China's revolutionary history, to attack the Party leadership. The television works will help expose the public to true stories, Wang added. China has launched a battle against the defamation of war heroes. Douyin, a popular Chinese short video app, and Chinese search engine Sogou were ordered to immediately take down illegal advertisements that insulted "heroic deeds and spirit" and carry out serious rectification. Several bloggers have had their accounts suspended for insulting heroes or spreading controversial values.Wang called for vigilance against producers who swindle the government fund to create vulgar works. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China expects more agricultural imports from EuropeArt of the deal unsuitable for North Korean nuke issue Japan warships will roil waters of South China Sea World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐