A 99-million-year-old baby snake trapped in amber arrived in Shanghai on Friday after scientists announced the finding last week. Local science enthusiasts finally had a chance to look at this ancient legacy from nature.The snake has been confirmed as a new species previously unknown to man. The remaining body preserved in the four-centimeter amber measures 4.75 centimeters including some vertebral bones, ribs and parts of skin. Scientists inferred that the total length is about 9.5 centimeters."It is the first time that a snake has been found in amber and also the first found snake baby fossil," said Xing Lida, associate professor of China University of Geosciences and also leader of the research team. He explained that snake bones are usually too tiny and delicate to be preserved as fossils.The amber also contains some insects, animal droppings and plants.According to Xing, creatures living in a particular geological history have some specific features which are also traceable.The remains indicate that the baby snake lived in a tropical forest. "It tells an ancient ecosystem where snakes were living. Before that, all the fossils of snakes we found showed that most snakes lived in an aquatic environment," Xing said, adding that the findings will help research the origin and evolution of snakes and species migration.

A baby snake in amber
The charm of amberThe amber was purchased by Jia Xiao, an amber collector, in 2016. Therefore, the snake has been named Xiaophis myanmarensis, indicating both its owner and original location where the amber was found (Myanmar).Jia put the amber away at the very beginning because she thought it was just a lizard. "And it looks not pretty at all," she said.Later, a drawing of a snake skeleton inspired Jia to take a second look. This news made Xing and other experts so excited that they immediately began a two-year analysis.According to Xing, research on the amber is quite challenging, as each of the bones measures only 0.35 to 0.5 millimeters, which makes it hard to observe the details of the structure with human eyes. The research team reconstructed a three-dimensional structure of the bones using micro CT technology to read its details.Xing believes that the charm of the amber is that it brings ancient creatures to modern times without any changes. "We will never have to guess how its skin looks like or whether it has any hair based on the fossil records of bones," he said.

Jia Xiao (middle), owner of the amber, and Xing Lida (right), associate professor of China University of Geosciences, talk about the baby snake fossil in Shanghai Friday. Photos: Chen Shasha/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Washington's risky calculation of currency warWashington has Cold War instinct to make enemy of itselfChina-Russia ties can reduce dependence on US Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐