Illustrations: Peter C. Espina/GTAmong the many types of groundless discrimination that deny people fair access to employment opportunities, regional stereotypes are one of the most absurd. A recent case sparked online furor when it was revealed that a recruitment agent employed to FreshHema, a high-profile startup online grocery store that specializes in fresh produce delivery, denied a Beijing native employment, apparently because Beijing residents would be lazy. In an alleged WeChat conversation between the recruitment agent and the job applicant, the agent said the company simply couldn't afford to hire Beijingers before the conversation degenerating into angry name-calling between the two parties. The bitter irony of the case manifests in two ways. First, many Chinese from outside the capital have complained that they've been treated unfairly, discriminated against, or otherwise snubbed by proud Beijing locals. So, it's kind of rare to see Beijingers on the receiving end of discriminatory behavior. Second, a hot online startup like FreshHema being mired in stereotypes and recruitment discrimination is simply counterintuitive. Even though the company quickly denounced the discriminatory behavior, adding that the commissioned agent acted against the company's beliefs, the damage is already done. Similar scandalous cases have been many, and the victims have largely been provincial people. People from Central and Northeast China have particularly been victims of hometown-based recruitment discrimination. Other more prominent names have also been caught up in such scandals.For whatever reason, we must not allow regional stereotypes to deny talented people fair access to employment opportunities. Such scandals are no laughing matter. Rather, they must provide a sense of urgency for all to take action. I suggest establishing a much stricter punishment regime to penalize discriminators. In many cases, the discriminatory employer has successfully evaded being penalized by regulators. Without due punishment, such regional stereotypes won't be resolved anytime soon. Instead, they may consolidate over time and be aggravated by other employers. Next time there is a similar case, I'd like to hear news reporting about heavy fines being levied against the wrongdoer and compensation for the victim.Raising awareness among the general public is another key factor. They can laugh at the ridiculous stereotypes, but they also have to be aware that such wrong must be corrected. Serious advocacy must be done. Regional stereotypes not only affect the recruitment process but also poison many key social debates in China. Unhealthy rumors are running rampant. No one dares to invest in Northeast China because the locals are disreputable, or you might get ripped off in Qingdao, Shandong Province because local restaurants there sell absurdly expensive seafood. Even the beautiful resort town of Lijiang, under the foot of the mighty Yulong Mountain, is full of thugs who are ready to pick a fight with tourists - if you believe the rumors.We as Chinese must fight against such stereotypes, myths, and injustices rendered on our countrymen simply because of their hometown. The fight must go on not only in the employment sector but in all walks of life. E pluribus unum: out of many, one. A successful business gathers the best talents from various backgrounds to thrive and beat the competition. A resilient, robust and sustainable society must also embrace people from all geographies by giving them equal access to opportunities.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Can China-Myanmar Economic Corridor overcome hurdles to progress?China, India race for future technologies as Ambani beats Ma as Asia's richest man US think tank article blind to reality of China-US trade relationship 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challengeSelf-driving taxis to test in California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐