Illustration: Lu Ting/GT
Could your child's every facial expression and movement be part of their grade at school?This is the reality for children in one Hangzhou high school, whose movements and even facial expressions are now subject to automated scrutiny at school. According to a recent report, Hangzhou No. 11 High School has recently adopted a "smart classroom behavior management system," to evaluate the performance of students in class.The system, known as "Smart Eye", has already sparked controversy on Chinese social media. It uses a facial recognition camera to scan the classroom every thirty seconds, and can recognize up to six types of body language as well as a wide range of facial expressions. Poor body language, such as leaning on the desk, results in points being deducted from the student's score. That information is collected into a report in order for teachers to better supervise the performance of their students.Views on the new system are both strong and varied."It's turning classrooms into prisons," said one Weibo user who decried the invasion of student privacy. Other users believe it's a great example of how new technologies can bring accountability in the classroom. But accountability for whom?Firstly, I don't understand why a teacher would need artificial intelligence to see whether a student in his or her class has dozed off. These are part of a teacher's daily tasks, and in this respect it seems that Smart Eye is trying to treat the symptoms of student disengagement without addressing the cause. Secondly, how exactly would this system encourage students to pay attention? Posture and emotions that are deemed "bad" will result in deductions, but does it reward students who are active and engaged in class? If not, I predict that "Smart Eye" will just be another challenge for students to overcome. Young people are marvelously clever when motivated, and it will not be long before "Smart Eye" seems a lot less smart, and a lot less useful. Yet it is not just the students who are under the gaze of "Smart Eye". According to the same reports, the student's engagement scores would be used to evaluate teachers as well, ensuring that their methods are indeed motivating their students. While it is always important to hold teachers accountable for the education they provide, I have to wonder at how teachers will react to low engagement scores. Without providing teachers with new methods to engage the class, and thereby keeping engagement scores high, I can only see this putting even more strain on the relationship between teachers and students. But if all of that is true, and in fact it's new methods for engaging students that we needed all along, do we really need a "Smart Eye" to tell us that?Instead, we should be finding solutions on how to engage students in their work. These students are the foundations of China's future, the builders and creators of tomorrow. We must all collectively decide if we want that future to be built by those who learned to love creation, or those who learned how to fool a camera with a false smile.The opinions expressed in this article are the author's own and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐