Several Global Times (GT) reports on Islamic training institutes in Northwest China's Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region have attracted Western attention recently. Some Western media outlets made a deliberate misinterpretation out of context. They described the education as "detention" and even equated the institutes with "concentration camps," baselessly criticizing China's human rights. Another GT article about a ban on underage students in Southwest China's Tibet Autonomous Region taking part in religious activities during the summer holiday was misinterpreted as well. The Associated Press quoted the GT article in hyping China's "crackdowns" on traditional minority culture, ignoring China's education law that separates education from religious influence.Some religious thoughts have a tendency toward extremism and terrorist activities in recent years are closely connected to religious extremism, which is also a major hindrance to development. The training institute in Xinjiang is committed to lecturing students on the correct political stance and good moral traits so as to enhance their immunity from evil forces. By aiming to lecture students on the perils of extremism and prevent their religious activities from breaching the law, such education is commonplace and is the best protection for human rights and religious culture. It conforms to China's laws and human rights principles.Anti-terrorism is a global campaign. According to media reports, around 300 East Turkestan terrorists from Xinjiang joined the group in Afghanistan and Syria, and some are trying to return to China after their Middle East base was vanquished. The backflow of terrorists posed a huge threat not only to China, but also the whole world.The hotbed for evil forces must be eradicated: This is something about which the international community has already reached a consensus. Religious activities must abide by laws of modern states that separate religion from politics. China, in an attempt to safeguard the country's security and societal stability, has been unswervingly following this principle and striving to find a governance model that suits itself. The country has spared no effort in cracking down upon terrorism and rooting out any condition that may breed extremism. Some Western countries, on the contrary, have failed in this regard. They choose to turn a blind eye to China's anti-terrorism achievements. Worse still, they view Xinjiang's training center with colored spectacles, using so-called human rights to criticize China. They may have not realized it yet, but their bias against China is highly likely to create favorable conditions for the blossoming and thriving of extremism. The terrible reality in the West reminds us that terrorist attacks will stage a comeback sooner or later if no effective actions have been taken to prevent the spread of religious extremism. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trump flags from Chinese factories delayed at US customs; US search for alternative suppliers likely to be hard  Thousands of women seek their roots decades after being sold in boy-preferring rural ChinaTibet underage students banned from religious activities in accordance with law Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐