Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GT
Thanks to A Bite of China, a wildly popular documentary about the Chinese culinary tradition, the iron wok made in Zhangqiu, Shandong Province, suddenly became a focus for the increasingly sophisticated middle-class Chinese consumers.As claimed by the TV documentary, making a Zhangqiu iron wok involves 12 steps and 36,000 strikes by a master worker. In the days immediately following the airing of the episode, many consumers traveled from across the country to the proclaimed birthplace of the Zhangqiu wok to try their luck at buying this embodiment of traditional Chinese craftsmanship.Now, several months later, according to the Beijing Youth Daily, the fad of Zhangqiu iron woks seems to have ended. Craftsmen in the village complained that the woks won't sell, and people have stopped visiting the village.During the height of the fad, the village housed more than 40 mom-and-pop shops making the famed wok. However, four months later, only three to four shops remained in operation. Not long ago, proud contemporary Chinese would be glad to see the rediscovery of traditional kitchenware being turned into the Chinese version of the Zwilling brand name.However, the love for traditional craftsmanship turned out to be short-lived. While the German brand name Zwilling has operated for nearly 300 years, the long-time unsung hero of the Zhangqiu iron wok experienced its meteoric rise and quick oblivion in less than six months. Today's Chinese consumer society is fast-moving, and there are new things popping up every day. The base of the Zhangqiu wok happens to be in relative economic backwaters in a mostly rural area. The local economy doesn't provide the ripe conditions for the traditional kitchenware to soar. In addition, unlike bike-sharing companies or food delivery service providers that quickly grow on the wings of venture capital, no investor interest has been expressed about the otherwise low-key iron wok, even during its hottest days when the number of Taobao orders soared, and local makers complained that even long work hours couldn't fulfill the orders.However, the lost business opportunity for the Zhangqiu wok, or any chance of it to grow into a credible, respected Chinese kitchenware brand, is the concern of entrepreneurs. In addition, media reported unscrupulous behavior by local wok makers during the fad.Given the purely manual production tradition, an experienced worker can only make one wok per day. However, when the fad came, the traditional production procedure was not followed.A genuinely handmade wok would sell at around 600 yuan ($88), but when the demand was high and waiting orders accumulated, "less expensive" versions appeared and began to compete on a pricetag basis.The rise of less expensive woks actually ruined the whole thing. The situation only got aggravated with the absence of any recognized brand name or established procedures to distinguish the fake from the genuine. Eager consumers soon lost faith in their new-found love and pursuit for traditional kitchen masterpieces. In all, the wok fad in China tells a very sad story about how tradition and craftsmanship were rediscovered but soon lost again, all happening in a very short timeframe. I hope when some other traditional crafts reemerge, they will have better luck.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trump flags from Chinese factories delayed at US customs; US search for alternative suppliers likely to be hard  Thousands of women seek their roots decades after being sold in boy-preferring rural ChinaTibet underage students banned from religious activities in accordance with law Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐