US visa applicants queue up in front of the south gate of the US Embassy in Beijing after order is restored following an explosion on Thursday. Photo: Zhang Dan/GT 

Bloodstains are seen about 100 meters from the south gate of the US Embassy in Beijing after an explosion on Thursday. Photo: Zhang Dan/GT 
An explosion struck near the US Embassy in Beijing on Thursday, causing panic among nearby residents and widespread online discussion.
The explosion was an isolated public security case, and Chinese police have dealt with it in a proper and timely fashion, Chinese foreign ministry spokesperson Geng Shuang said at a regular press conference later Thursday.
The embassy said in a statement that there was an explosion at approximately 1 pm on the street outside the southeast corner of the embassy compound. "There was one individual who detonated a bomb. Other than the bomber, there were no injuries," the embassy said.
Local residents said they heard a loud explosion outside the embassy. Heavy smoke was seen together with the huge sound of an explosion, according to surrounding residents.
A Global Times reporter arrived at the embassy about half an hour after the explosion, and strong gasoline and explosive smells were still in the air.
A witness named Huang Qianming, who claimed to be only 30 meters from the explosion when the incident took place, told the Global Times, "The bomber was in front of a vehicle with detonators in both hands."The bomb site allegedly was about 100 meters to the south of the US Embassy main gate.
Chinese police took away the bomber and blockaded the site, according to witnesses.The US Embassy quickly resumed its service, with visa applicants lining up outside.
According to a statement sent to the Global Times on Thursday afternoon, the Beijing Police confirmed a blast took place at the intersection of Tianze Road and Anjialou Road in Chaoyang district. The intersection is next to the US Embassy.
The police also identified the suspected bomber to be a male surnamed Jiang, 26, from Tongliao in the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region. Jiang ignited the explosives at the crossing, and the blast injured his hands, but the injuries were not life threatening.
Earlier the day, witnesses say police took away a woman spraying gasoline on herself in a suspected attempt at self-immolation outside the embassy at around 11 am. It is not clear if this incident was related to the explosion.
"I was waiting at the exit of the US Embassy visa office for my clients to finish their visa interviews, when a woman behind me began to spray gasoline on herself," said Zhang Lina, 30, a travel consultant.
Zhang told the Global Times that the woman, possibly in her 40s, was at once taken away by two policemen in plain clothes while another two rushed to the site with fire extinguishers. The woman dressed shabbily, with a sign in her hand with the Chinese characters for "grievance" and other words, Zhang said. The entire incident was over within just a few minutes, she said.
Zhang Dan contributed to the story Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐