An employee checks ceramic dinner set exports at a firm in Ganyu, East China's Jiangsu Province. File photo: VCG
Chinese tableware exporters are shifting toward domestic markets in the face of deteriorating trade relations between China and the US. An economic expert said that it's "painful" and "unrealistic" for the US government to cut off Chinese-made goods, as there are few products that have the same cost performance as Chinese goods. The US news website Syracuse.com on July 24 cited the president of a New York-based flatware maker as saying that some spoons in the White House were made in China. Ironically, this discovery was made during the latest "Made in America Product Showcase," an annual event started by US president Donald Trump in order to show off US-made products, the report noted. Shifting to domestic marketsChen Yupan, director of the exporting business department of the Dehua Xingxia Building Materials Co, based in East China's Fujian Province, told the Global Times on Tuesday that the recent trade dispute has caused his company's exports to the US to slump. The company mainly exports salad plates to the US. "In the past, this time of year was the peak time for orders from the US. But this year, many of our old customers have hesitated about placing orders with us, particularly long-term orders that take months to produce," he said.Chen also said that with the ongoing trade dispute, his company was also worried about potential losses in cooperation with US companies, and therefore has been very cautious in sifting through US partners. "We are waiting to see how the situation will evolve, but in general I am not optimistic about the company's prospects for business cooperation with US companies," he said.Chen nevertheless said that his company's overall production has not been affected too much by the trade dispute. "We have shifted from an export-oriented business model to relying more on online sales in domestic markets," he told the Global Times.Feng Chuanxu, manager of the Chuanxu Stone Factory, a tableware manufacturer in Lushan, East China's Jiangxi Province, said that his firm mainly exports slate tableware to the US."This year we exported about two containers of tableware to the US on a monthly basis, and so far this sales volume still remains stable," he said, but added that he still worries about the worsened trade dispute between the US and China. "But I can do nothing to change the trend." Can't cut off trade relations Sang Baichuan, director of the Institute of International Business under the University of International Business and Economics in Beijing, said "it's unrealistic and painful for the US to cut off trade relations with China, particularly in terms of small commodities, whether they be silverware or other goods, which are a strong point in China's manufacturing.""In terms of small commodities, no country can offer products with the same kind of excellent quality and reasonable price as Chinese goods. I believe if the US must find replacements for 'made-in-China,' the price of consumer goods in the US will rise significantly, which will largely affect the purchasing power of US consumers," he said. Sang also disclosed that in his recent visits to the US, he saw that made-in-China goods, including clothing, souvenirs, shoes, food and shampoo, still filled the US market. According to Sang, US-made goods also lack cost advantages compared with Chinese products, which is why the country shifted many of its manufacturing bases to China. Newspaper headline: US hard pressed to replace Chinese commodities Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Cooperation with China benefits UK strategicallyUK foreign secretary to visit China with anti-protectionism in mindUK seeks post-Brexit deals with China The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐