Calm returned to China's vaccine sector on the stock market, after a recent scandal involving substandard rabies vaccines produced by Changchun Changsheng Life Sciences caused investor panic, wiping 161 billion yuan ($23.6 billion) from domestic biomedical stocks' value through Monday.Shares of Changchun Changsheng, which was recently exposed as having been involved in the illegal production of rabies vaccines for human use, continued to slump on Tuesday, falling 9.96 percent to 11.75 yuan. Shares of Shenzhen Kangtai, another vaccine manufacturer mentioned in a widely circulated WeChat article that claimed to expose illegal behavior in China's vaccine industry, slumped by the daily trading limit of 10 percent on Tuesday to 52.16 yuan. But stocks for most vaccine manufacturers recovered on Tuesday after biomedical and vaccine companies rushed to issue public statements on a variety of platforms, trying to calm customers and investors and disassociate themselves from Changchun Changsheng and the broader vaccine scandal. Tian Guangqiang, assistant research fellow with the National Institute of International Strategy at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said that the incident should push domestic consumers to choose imported vaccines. "I think after the incident, domestic vaccine makers would be pushed to learn advanced technologies from overseas countries and even cooperate with overseas firms in research and development, production and inspection," Tian told the Global Times Tuesday. Li Tianquan, co-founder of domestic healthcare big data platform yaozh.com, said that the incident should push the government to increase penalties for domestic medical companies that don't follow the proper manufacturing procedures, he told the Global Times on Tuesday. He said that the government might also be pushed to launch more detailed rules to standardize vaccine research and development as well as production. An expert from a Shanghai-based securities firm nevertheless told the Global Times on Tuesday that Changchun Changsheng's case was an "isolated" one in China's vaccine market, stressing that most of China's self-produced vaccines are qualified in his observation. "Most vaccines nowadays do not have a high technical threshold, meaning that Chinese manufacturers have the capacity to produce them," he said. But this case will prompt better implementation of the relevant medical management laws, the expert said. Newspaper headline: Biomedical stocks recover from impact of scandal Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Washington's risky calculation of currency warWashington has Cold War instinct to make enemy of itselfChina-Russia ties can reduce dependence on US Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐