Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTLast September, I had the opportunity to travel to Beijing with a group of foreign students from an international preschool. This not only changed my perspective of life professionally but also personally. Students must attend extracurricular activities, not because there is a law that obliges them, but because of the high level of competitiveness that exists after this school stage. Primary and secondary school are part of the government's obligation, but children have the ability to enroll in higher-quality schools if they have participated and excelled in extracurriculars.For this reason, parents place emphasis on finding activities in which their children can excel.Being in such a competitive society, Chinese children are exposed to high levels of stress and frustration when they do not meet the results that are expected of them. Therefore, their performance in school after the entrance exams to formal education tends to be lower. In my class, I even had cases of strange behavioral reactions due to the frustration of not getting the score they expected and a lack of tools to communicate their emotions.The director and I were surprised when one of the local teachers gave us an explanation. The teacher explained that being openly emotional is not something that is common in a Chinese home - it is cultural. Although homes in China are full of love, talking about emotions is not something that is done daily, or what is given as much importance as the academic activities that must be carried out. Based on everything that the teacher told us, the director of the international program suggested that we create a unit in which we treat emotions but as part of a "hidden" curriculum.So we decided to divide this process into four stages that our students could understand and manage so they could express themselves. Through modeling during "circle time" in the morning and afternoon, children's literature classes, art, music and life skills, we get them to understand that we all have emotions. We explain that some of them are nice and others not so much and that it is always good to express them and know how to respond to them.It took us more than a month of daily work to start seeing results. We were about to close the unity of emotions without any satisfactory answer when in one of our circle times a student asked us to be the one who shared his emotions that day. We all listened and even had interventions with suggestions to manage the student's frustration.I know that this experience could probably be repeated in any other class in the world. But for me, that specific day marked the difference between being the international class teacher, not speaking their language, looking different to them and not understanding much of what is happening to being a teacher, without labels. This was one of the most beautiful and challenging experiences of my entire working life. I understood that we have a lot to learn between cultures: not to merge because we would lose our essence, but to transmit the good things we have in the two hemispheres of the planet to build a better global village.
This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Washington's risky calculation of currency warWashington has Cold War instinct to make enemy of itselfChina-Russia ties can reduce dependence on US Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐