Amid the ongoing rescue operation of 12 boys and the coach of a Thailand soccer team, who have been trapped in a flooded cave for over 10 days, Chinese volunteers stressed that only if rescuers from across the world work together, regardless of nationality, could they succeed in bringing the boys to safety.International rescue teams, including the Thai Navy SEALs as well as technical experts and civilian volunteers from the US, China, Australia and the UK, are racing against time to figure out a way to get the boys and their coach out safely.  "One country's rescue team returns after they've searched underwater for a while and the next country's team follows. The whole process is connected and cannot break up," Wang Yingjie, leader of China's rescue team, also secretary-general of Pinglan Public Welfare Fund, told the Global Times.Previously, during an earthquake rescue, every rescue team member only needed to watch out for their own, but this time, it is a group battle, said Wang. Wang stressed that everyone realizes that only by working together and disregarding nationality could they finish the rough task. China has taken an active part in international rescue and relief efforts. Apart from government rescue teams, civilian volunteers have also been participating in international rescues. Zhang Yong, the head of the Blue Sky Rescue Team, told the Global Times that during international rescues, communication and technology won't be a problem. We usually bring interpreters and formulate a thorough plan. However, civilian volunteers must remember to obey the local rules and customs. "More importantly, when we go abroad, we represent China. Therefore, if civilian rescue teams do not have sufficient skills, they had better not go, otherwise they would cause more harm than good," Zhang said.He also urged Chinese civilian rescuers not to bring "bad manners" abroad. As China's largest non-governmental rescue organization, the Blue Sky Rescue Team has participated in many important international rescue operations. During the 7.9-magnitude quake in Nepal that caused massive casualties and devastation, the team found 24 bodies, provided assistance to 2,320 people, and conducted epidemic prevention disinfection work for over 20,000 people, according to the Xinhua News Agency. Newspaper headline: International rescue operation optimistic for children’s recovery Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China stands for WTO as US shuns it Chinese infrastructure firms make foray into Thai marketChina's proactive diplomacy in solving Rohingya crisis World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐