China's manufacturing faces challenges due to the lack of core software to support the industrial Internet of Things (IoT) and it should make efforts to reduce dependence on foreign software developers amid China-US trade friction, industry insiders said. Faced with growing Sino-US trade tensions, Chinese information technology (IT) companies are being urged to develop basic and core software systems. "It has never been so urgent for China to make breakthroughs in software development," Chen Zhaoxiong, vice minister of Industry and Information Technology, told a conference held in Beijing on Sunday. As its next steps, the ministry will focus on developing industrial software and proprietary open source systems, Xie Shaofeng, director of the IT and software department under the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, said at the same conference. The nation's Made in China 2025 strategy highlights major tasks to boost the country's manufacturing sector such as breakthroughs in industrial software and proprietary platform software. Chinese companies' heavy dependence on foreign companies has meant they have accumulated little core data for manufacturing processes, which has increased the difficulty of developing the industrial IoT in the country. "As we've been relying on foreign suppliers such as Siemens and Dassault for many years in industrial software, domestic companies lag in core technologies for smart manufacturing," said Justin Ju, senior vice president of ChinaSoft International. For instance, in the product lifecycle management and engineering software sector, Dassault Systemes and Siemens were among the top 10 vendors in 2016, and Dassault led with $2.5 billion in licenses, according to the industry information site appsruntheworld.com. Industry representatives also called for more support from the ministry to encourage fundamental research and the creation of a special fund to support industrial software development. Like foreign conglomerates such as GE and Siemens that have been undertaking merger and acquisition (M&A) deals with software companies, Chinese companies could also seek technology cooperation with foreign software developers, Ju noted. "While seeking technology transfers from large companies like Dassault might be difficult, Chinese companies could carry out M&A deals with smaller companies in European countries such as Germany and the Netherlands," he said. The Made in China 2025 plan recently aroused concerns overseas over preferential industrial policies for Chinese companies. Addressing these concerns, China's Ministry of Commerce said on Thursday that Made in China 2025 and other industrial policies implemented by the Chinese government are guiding documents in nature, and are open to all foreign-funded companies.  "China is mainly looking at the use of big data and the integration of the IoT into production lines, so there is scope for foreign companies to participate in this blueprint in terms of providing core industrial software," Wang Jianmin, dean of the school of software of Tsinghua University, who participated in drafting the plan, told the Global Times.Wang noted that from shipbuilding to aircraft, most companies use foreign-developed software. And the government's push for smart manufacturing might offer new opportunities. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Wanna One's Kang Daniel beats out BTS to top S.Korean Best Idol list for 17 weeks straightConservatives in Catholic Church close ranks to stall dialogue with China, but won't succeed: analystsChina, Arab states agree to develop strategic partnership How California can prevent a water crisisLegal pot market undercutCleaning the beach How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐