Relics from the Jiangkou Sunken Silver exhibition at the National Museum of China in Beijing Photo: Li Hao/ GT
 

Relics from the Jiangkou Sunken Silver exhibition at the National Museum of China in Beijing Photo: Li Hao/ GT
 

Relics from the Jiangkou Sunken Silver exhibition at the National Museum of China in Beijing Photo: Li Hao/ GT
 
A year ago, the excavation of gold and silver ingots from the Minjiang river in Jiangkou town, Southwest China's Sichuan Province, lent evidence that the lost legendary treasure of Zhang Xianzhong, (1606-47), the leader of a Ming Dynasty (1368-1644) peasant revolt, was more than just a story. According to the legend, Zhang was fleeing with his fleet along the Minjiang River when the Ming military caught up to him and attacked. During the short naval battle, many of Zhang's ships filled with pillaged treasure caught fire and sunk to the bottom of the river. While many historic documents record this naval battle, it was only until 2017, when numerous valuable relics were dredged up from the riverbed, that archeologists had access to concrete evidence that proved the battle had actually taken place.Roughly a year after the archaeological discovery, the legendary treasure of Zhang Xianzhong went on display at the National Museum of China in Beijing. Featuring 500 valuable relics, the Jiangkou Sunken Silver exhibition displays the latest discoveries at the ongoing archaeological excavation in Jiangkou, such as gold and silver ingots as well as copper coins, to help pull back the curtain on Zhang Xianzhong.The exhibition consists of three main sections that cover background information about the area, display the excavated relics and treasures found in Jiangkou, and provide an overview of the archaeological excavation.Right after the exhibition kicked off on Tuesday, numerous visitors flooded the exhibition hall. It wasn't long before long lines formed in front of the displays of some of the rarer treasures such as an official seal made from gold. "I think this exhibition is quite up-to-date," one visitor, Li Wenying, told the Global Times. "The treasures were just discovered last year, and now a year later we are able to see what was going on 400 years ago." Right after entering into the hall, a projected video introducing Zhang Xianzhong's historical background had caught the attention of a number of students. Walking around, visitors took in the pictures, photos and text panels displayed around the hall."I notice that Zhang was a very extravagant person who stored numerous gold and silver treasures, and numerous rings, which reflects the corruption running rampant during that time in the Ming Dynasty, when ordinary people starved but the nobility owned a mountain of money."Listed as one of China's top 10 archaeological discoveries of 2017, the excavation of Zhang's treasure has unearthed a total of 42,000 relics, the best of which were selected to be displayed at the exhibition. Another highlight of the exhibition is how it delves into the high-tech tools that were used during the excavation. A huge screen takes visitors through a detailed explanation of the steps archeologists underwent to reclaim the items lost on the bottom of the river. Metal detectors played an enormously important role in locating the relics, while three-dimensional imaging and aerial photography were also used to record every detail of the excavation."I learned online that three-dimensional techniques are also widely used in many industries such as high-speed railways as well as subways. I am happy to see that it has extended to archaeological excavation as well," Li said.Newspaper headline: Bringing a legend to life Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Australia's paranoia over China smacks of racismBoy band EXO appointed as honorary ambassador for S. Korean tourism UN chief appoints Australian to lead reform of UN development system World Cup should not be used for political endsUS court upholds travel banThe Color Run How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐