The city view of Almaty, an important hub along the Belt and Road initiative route. Photo: VCGAfter working in Beijing for over 15 years, Stephannie Tebow from the US decided to leave China, but instead of going home or to other Western countries, she decided to go to Kazakhstan, a neighboring country that's along the Belt and Road initiative route.She will be going to Almaty, the largest city in Kazakhstan. It borders the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region, an important hub in the Belt and Road initiative."I am turning 60 years old next year, which means I won't be getting a work permit in China because I will have reached the retirement age ruled by the Chinese government, so I have to leave," Tebow said. "As I look around, I found that there are many job opportunities in China's neighboring countries, especially along the Belt and Road initiative route," she said. "Finally, I took a position in Kazakhstan-a position that I found most compelling to serve with regard to my skills, experience and education, as well as my own professional growth."Proposed by China in 2013, the Belt and Road initiative aims at building a trade and infrastructure network connecting Asia with Europe and Africa along the ancient trade routes of the Silk Road.The economic benefits The last time Tebow was in Almaty was 2001, and according to Tebow, the city has witnessed great and positive changes in the last 17 years."Today, Almaty is far more developed regarding infrastructure and access to goods and services," Tebow said. "Homes are well equipped, there is good access to transportation, good roads, great skiing facilities and public health standards have greatly improved. It was absolutely charming, and the people are friendly and hospitable," she said. According to Tebow's observations, part of Almaty and the whole of Kazakhstan's development are tied to China. "It was clear to see China's presence in several industries, like infrastructure, oil exploration and other manufacturing services," Tebow said. "From my talks with the locals and my observations while interviewing for jobs there, Almaty has many Chinese-invested companies, and you can see the large flow of Chinese workers and businessmen come and go from Almaty's border every day," she said. "More investment and better infrastructure mean more job opportunities," Tebow said. A report issued by the English magazine the Economist in April points out the same phenomenon.   In Kazakhstan, many projects are underway as a part of the Belt and Road initiative, according to the Economist report. Kazakhstan has opened a massive inland port on its eastern border with China. Its seaports on the Caspian Sea are also being expanded, and east to west rail and road connections are being upgraded."In 2001, I found Almaty interesting.  In 2018, I found it inviting to foreigners like me."

Foreign employees are going to Belt and Road initiative countries to work because of the investment plans from China. Photo: VCGReality hits"I look forward the new adventure for me in Almaty, but if I could have stayed in China, I would," Tebow said. According to Chinese law, foreigners in China have to stop working at age 60, while foreigners who are senior executives or experts in high and new technology industries can work until they are 65. "I don't hold a senior position here, and I don't possess other skill sets that could help me gain extra points so that I can be an A-level talent and obtain a work permit after the age of 60," Tebow said. "However, this is not something that upsets me. I came to China to establish a counseling profession among Chinese nationals, and my work has been successful. That is very fulfilling.""In any country in the world, I would not be allowed to hold a position beyond the national retirement age. It is absolutely logical and practical," Tebow said. Due to raising the bar the foreign employees in China, Tebow believes that in the future more foreign workers will go and work in countries along the Belt and Road initiative route. "As visa restrictions continue to grow in China, I think it is a possibility that more foreigners will work in Belt and Road initiative countries, as they are witnessing economic development and job opportunities due to the cooperation they have with China," Tebow said. Andrew Hanigan, 64, from Canada went to Thailand two years ago. Thailand is an important country on the sea route of the Belt and Road initiative. "As a senior engineer, I won't be allowed to work in China after I turn 65, so I started to look for job opportunities in bordering countries since I am already familiar with the environment in Asia. I got a job opportunity in a Chinese-invested company in Bangkok," Hanigan said. In Almaty, Tebow will continue to pursue her career in counseling. "The salary is comparable to what I make now in Beijing, but I will have a more senior position in Almaty with my 30+ years of experience," Tebow said."The field is not highly developed in Almaty; it is much like it was when I first started working in this field in Beijing." "I will continue to go to neighboring countries that invite me to be a part of their development of mental health professionals and services. As many countries around China are in this stage of development, I could see the possibility for such a trend to develop among those of us who truly feel called to lend a helping hand as long as we are needed," Tebow said.  "I believe that my experience in China, stepping out of my comfort zone, always meeting new challenges and assimilating to a new culture will help my future in Almaty." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Wanna One's Kang Daniel beats out BTS to top S.Korean Best Idol list for 17 weeks straightConservatives in Catholic Church close ranks to stall dialogue with China, but won't succeed: analystsChina, Arab states agree to develop strategic partnership How California can prevent a water crisisLegal pot market undercutCleaning the beach How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐