British Foreign Secretary Jeremy Hunt is scheduled to visit China on Monday with Chinese observers saying the main issue will be free trade and opposing protectionism.  Earlier this month, Hunt replaced Boris Johnson as the UK foreign secretary following Johnson's resignation. His visit shows the importance the UK attaches to its relations with China, according to China's foreign ministry. Ahead of Hunt's visit, Barbara Woodward, the British Ambassador to China, said at a briefing on Friday that free trade and multilateralism are among the themes for the strategic dialogue on Monday. The UK is a strong supporter of free trade and multilateralism, and the UK wants to work with China to ensure that the World Trade Organization is able to respond, preserve and protect the free trade order, Woodward said.During Hunt's visit, Premier Li Keqiang and Yang Jiechi, a member of the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee Political Bureau, will meet him separately. State Councilor and Foreign Minister Wang Yi will co-chair strategic dialogue and exchange views on bilateral relations and international and regional hotspot issues with him, according to the foreign ministry.  Woodward revealed UK Prime Minister Theresa May has invited Premier Li to come to the UK early next year, and that the UK will send a high-level delegation to the China International Import Expo in Shanghai this fall.Hunt's visit sends a signal to China of the UK stability, Cui Hongjian, director of the Department of European Studies at the China Institute of International Studies, said on Sunday.The two countries may also call for free trade in the world economy following the US's recent trade protectionism, Cui told the Global Times. "But the UK may not pick a side in trade disputes between China and the US as it considers both the US and China important trade partners in the post-Brexit era," Cui said. Geng Shuang, foreign ministry spokesman, said at a regular briefing last week that the visit will strengthen political mutual trust and promote greater development of the China-UK global comprehensive strategic partnership. "Under the current international circumstances, it's imperative for China and the UK to send out positive and upbeat messages about upholding the rules-based international order, building an open world economy and opposing protectionism and unilateralism." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐