The "amazing Lingwu dragons" lived in the Ningxia area 174 million years ago. Photo: Courtesy of Xu Xing

Skeletons unearthed in Northwest China Photo: Courtesy of Xu Xing

Scientists measure a Jurassic shoulder blade. Photo: Courtesy of Xu Xing
Chinese paleontologists have unearthed fossil skeletons of a new species of dinosaur in Northwest China and in so doing overturned the commonly held assumption that the diplodocoid never lived in East Asia.There is even a possibility, as more fossils emerge, that the diplodocoid could be shown to have originated in Asia, Xu Xing, the head of the research program, told the Global Times on Wednesday. Xu and his team's findings were published on Tuesday in the journal Nature Communication.The skeletons of the new species, Lingwulong shenqi, or "amazing Lingwu dragon," were excavated in the suburbs of Lingwu, an important industrial city of the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region. Since the first found in 2005, seven to 10 partial skeletons have been amassed by scientists. Diplodocoids are an advanced superfamily of sauropod dinosaurs, a gigantic long-necked herbivorous species related to the apatosaurus and controversial brontosaurus. The Ningxia diplodocoids range from juvenile to adult and lived 174 million years ago, according to the journal reportIt was long believed that diplodocoid appeared on earth around 160 million years ago and experienced a very short evolution before dominating the land at the end of the Jurassic Period (200-145 million years ago,) said Xu, a research fellow of the Institute of Vertebrate Paleontology and Paleoanthropology of Chinese Academy of Sciences.The new findings suggest the diplodocoid "could have appeared during the early Jurassic Period and actually had a very long evolution history," Xu said. Continents back then formed a coherent landmass before today's East Asia broke off from the "mainland" during the middle to late Jurassic, Xu explained.Diplodocoid fossils have previously been found in Europe, Africa, North and South America and it was widely believed that diplodocoid and certain other creatures never made it to East Asia. The current findings question this theory, Xu said.Xing Lida, another paleontologist from China University of Geosciences with a special interest in dinosaur fossils, was excited by the findings."These findings are consistent with the dinosaur footprints we found in recent years," Xing said. Xing's team has found diverse Sauropod dinosaurs from the Middle Jurassic, "which now have physical skeleton evidence thanks to the current findings," Xing said.Dubbed China's "dinosaur king," Xu and his team famously once found a pheasant-sized dinosaur with iridescent plumage. "Biological evolution has never been isolated," Xu said. Humans' understanding of the evolution of other animals such as lizards, crocodile and other mammals, could also be limited, he noted. Xu and his team plans to continue their investigation in Ningxia where they expect more interesting findings. Newspaper headline: New species of dinosaur unearthed Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trump flags from Chinese factories delayed at US customs; US search for alternative suppliers likely to be hard  Thousands of women seek their roots decades after being sold in boy-preferring rural ChinaTibet underage students banned from religious activities in accordance with law Lotus Festival 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challenge How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐