Skincare products, perfumes, shampoo and gels, trendy clothes, accessories, cosmetics... These things are no longer limited to women, at least not in China. More and more local men are investing in their appearance. The global male grooming market was valued at $47.2 billion in 2015, and the number is expected to reach $60.7 billion by 2020, according to statistics released by Euromonitor. 

Photo: VCGSo what do foreign men think about this trend? To glean insight into how males from different countries take care of their appearance, the Global Times recently interviewed a number of foreigners in Shanghai about their personal grooming habits, as well as their opinions on beauty and fashion.Ben Almagor, 34 from Israel, is a fashion designer in Shanghai. He said he takes care of his appearance in layers, from body, to skin to hair. "I go shopping sometimes for stuff that I feel is cool. And I go to the gym; I go running and do sports to build up my body. I also go to a hair dresser," he told the Global Times.Another fashion designer, 30-year-old Ramone Turnquest from London, said he pays attention to his appearance and enjoys grooming himself. "I usually shop at places like Zara, and I do a lot of online shopping. My style is a bit more formal, as you can see how I'm dressed now, very professional," he told the Global Times, adding he rarely wears jeans. In terms of beauty products, Turnquest said he is not a big fan of perfume, but he uses a range of skincare products. He explained that in London, adult males tend to dress semi-formal in daily life, such as dress shirts and dress trousers. "People tend to be very superficial, so everybody is making sure their hair is looking right. They use a lot of products on their hair and their face, like moisturizer. Moisturizer is the key," he added. Another British nation, Richard, who is in his early 30s, said men in the UK usually pay attention to their clothes; as for skincare, more guys are using skincare products especially when they get older; hair gel is also a common product among British males. But personally, Richard said he does not place too much attention on his dress style, skincare or hairstyle. "I don't do it very well. I go to a gym a few times a week. I use a little bit of moisturizer," he said.Like Richard, 23-year-old American Donnie Oland said he uses the same product for his entire body. "I use a non-harmful biodegradable soap that I can put everywhere on my body and keep my skin good," he said. "Keep it very simple. Don't do all these other products and makeup things, because it is not natural for your body. Do something natural and keep your body healthy. You'll feel good and look great!"Less masculine?Another interviewee, 30-year-old Poland national Matty, said he also does not use skincare products, except some soap when taking a shower. "But I use perfume. I love perfume. But I don't care much about my appearance. I don't like to spend money on my appearance. I like to spend money on traveling," he added. But what do our male interviewees think about the trend that Chinese males are investing more and more on their appearance? Does it make them less masculine?American Oland told the Global Times that the definition of masculinity is more about whether a man feels good about his body or not - not about what products he uses or what clothes he wears. "I don't think there is anything un-masculine about feeling good about yourself," he added.Turnquest also thinks being well-groomed does not make a man "girly," and he hopes a growing number of cosmetic brands will expand their men's collections. "I am a fashion designer and I design men's wear. So I find men now are experimenting more with fashion.""Back then, people thought if you look too fashionable you are considered soft or gay," he added. "But guys now seem to be more open with their style. And that's good. I like the trend and hopefully the trend continues."Similar sentiments were echoed by the designer Almagor, who also said being groomed is not in any conflict with being masculine. He believes an "advanced" man can be good at taking care of his appearance while also feeling masculine inside. But he suggested that a gentleman should not look more groomed than his girlfriend or wife. "Let your woman be the queen. That is important," he added.More style?Almost all of our interviewees admitted that being well-groomed tends to bring them some special benefits, such as being more attractive to women. "A lot more people are being superficial. A lot more women expect their guys to be clean-cut," Turnquest said.Likewise, Richard said men who take good care of their appearance might find it is easier to find girlfriends. Almagor and Oland believe how a man looks can reflect his personality."The way a person presents himself externally can reflect how the person takes himself internally," Almagor said. "And being well-groomed can show that you love yourself and treat yourself well both inside and out."Oland explained that if a man is able to take good care of his appearance and body, it suggests he might also be able to take good care of others.When asked which countries' men have the best style and taste, most interviewees agreed on Italian and French men. "I think Italians generally have a good reputation for having good style. That being said, I am an American and sometimes my style is not so bad," Oland joked.Likewise, Almagor said, "I have to say Italian and French guys are most attentive, most well-groomed and have more sense for style."But what do they think about the dress code and style of Chinese males? Many said men in Shanghai are quite well-dressed and good at grooming. Almagor felt the dress styles of young men in Shanghai are even more advanced than the average man in Western countries. "They [men in Shanghai] actually are cooler and more attentive to trends," he said. "But if you take a look of the older generation, and the men who live outside of Shanghai, their styles are less trendy and less cool."Almagor found there is a vast difference between the styles of men in first-tier cities like Shanghai and in other cities. "There is a gap obviously in how you get the trends earlier or later, and how you manage to perceive the trends and incorporate in your appearance," he added.Similar ideas were echoed by British Richard, who said the average Chinese man in Shanghai is well-dressed, but he noticed that in other parts of China the fashion is different. Oland thinks the average Chinese man takes good care of their appearance, except that some middle-aged men here have pot bellies.British Turnquest felt there is no huge difference between the dress styles of British and Chinese males. "A lot of Chinese guys dress the same way, unless it is hot, then you see the style changes a lot," he said.

Ramone Turnquest Photo: Xiang Jun/GT   

Matty Photo: Xiang Jun/GT   

Richard Photo: Xiang Jun/GT   

Donnie Oland Photo: Xiang Jun/GT Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Can China-Myanmar Economic Corridor overcome hurdles to progress?China, India race for future technologies as Ambani beats Ma as Asia's richest man US think tank article blind to reality of China-US trade relationship 2 more defendants sentenced for Ji's murderInternational acceptance remains TCM's greatest challengeSelf-driving taxis to test in California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐