Chinese companies from different sectors are eager to move closer to Chinese customers and markets via the opportunity of showcasing their products at the upcoming China International Import Expo (CIIE) this fall. Among them are US companies, whose determination to tap Chinese markets are not hindered by the ongoing bilateral trade dispute. Peter CJ Pan, president of Panrosa Enterprises, a US-based manufacturer of skin and hair care products, said that his company for the first time is tapping the domestic market by bringing some of its organic and natural products, the relatively high-end product line of Panrosa, into China, and participation in the import expo is a starting point. "We have booked eight stalls in the upcoming import expo," Pan told the Global Times on Thursday, stressing that his company has also signed up for the next import expo in 2019. "I am surprised that the Chinese government has organized such a large import expo. I feel that the government has attached much importance to the event, so the future (of our company in Chinese market) is bright," Pan said. According to Pan, his company has always wanted to tap the Chinese market but there was no opportunity until the import expo. "We have sent a lot of people here, and we are also talking with major Chinese suppliers and chain stores," he said. Pan also said that he thinks the temporary trade tension between China and the US wouldn't affect the general relations between the two nations. "Particularly for US consumers, I don't know how they can live a life without made-in-China stuff." Robert Aspell, president for the Asia-Pacific business of Cargill, a US-based company specializing in food ingredients and animal nutrition, also said on Thursday that the company is looking forward to the upcoming import expo where many of the company's products will be showcased. "We will be showcasing some of our innovative products in chocolates and cocoa," Aspell said, adding that it will also show some of its new food protein products. Apart from US companies, companies from other countries also revealed exhibiting plans for the expo on Thursday, with French-based yeast manufacturer Lesaffre saying it will hold some events in a bakery competition on the first day of the import expo, while UK-based consultancy Deloitte announced plans to exhibit solutions in artificial intelligence, cloud computing and big data analysis. The first China International Import Expo, which will exhibit overseas products ranging from consumer electronics to clothing, cars, food and medical appliances, will be held in Shanghai from November 5 to 10. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Trade war causing a real impact on US economyDubai plans to expand Chinese saltwater rice into Arab world, AfricaUS intensifies military presence in Indo-Pacific The public should act to protect US child stars in MeToo eraUS farmers voice concern In action How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐