An online spat between officials from the People's Bank of China (PBC), the country's central bank, and its Ministry of Finance (MOF) highlights problems with China's economy such as local debt and fundraising difficulties, which will lead to deep reflection on those issues, experts said. In a rare move, Xu Zhong, PBC research head, wrote an article published last week in which he openly criticized China's fiscal policy, claiming that it is not being implemented actively.The claims were rebutted in another article published on Monday, which was said to have been written by an MOF official. It said that authorities have been working to increase the activeness of the current fiscal policy.  The fact that the argument has become public implies that some problems could be brewing, testing policymakers' will and wisdom to align China's fiscal policy with its economic development, experts said.The economy is encountering structural and institutional problems, while some evidence suggests that the proactive fiscal policy is not active enough and has actually been tightened, Xu, head of the research bureau at the PBC, said in a column posted on sina.com.cn. Regarding deleveraging in the financial sector, monetary policy should be stable and neutral to prevent financial risks. As a result, there should be a more positive fiscal stance, Xu noted. Issues such as hidden local debt problems and growing pension gaps need long-term solutions, and that means more efficient fiscal spending, he continued.An unidentified official who claims to work for the country's finance system later questioned Xu's column in an article on Monday. The official, who goes by the pen name of Qingchi, said that China's 2018 fiscal budget report highlights major tasks including stabilizing and adjusting budgets to handle income, deficits and special debt.In terms of funding infrastructure projects, local governments borrow from financial institutions at high costs, and some have failed to repay these loans, Zhang Bin, director of global macroeconomic research at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, told the Global Times on Tuesday.The MOF needs to play a bigger role in this matter, according to Zhang."In some cities that see challenges in bridging infrastructure gaps and funding projects, who will be responsible for debts remains an open question," he said. "No matter which enterprise encounters difficulties in fundraising or which local government faces debts, financial tools and fiscal instruments complement each other," said Dong Shaopeng, an expert advisor for the China Securities Regulatory Commission. "It's necessary to strike a balance in reform, and plan for both aspects as a whole," Dong told the Global Times on Tuesday, noting that China could not follow the model of any other country in building a policy framework. Experts also noted that PBC and MOF could divide their work in a more clear way. Still, open discussion of China's economic problems will help issues such as local debt to be further recognized and resolved.  The MOF did not respond to the interview request by the Global Times as of the press time. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Why West is reluctant to invest in MyanmarChina hits back at 'irresponsible' report over Belt and Road projectsChina hits brakes on urban rail projects to address debt How California can prevent a water crisisLegal pot market undercutCleaning the beach How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐