Magic performances have become increasingly popular among Chinese audiences in recent years. It was promoted on stage during previous years' CCTV's Spring Festival Gala, and as a hobby or even a profession magic is being embraced by more and more young Chinese people today. Twenty-six-year old Zhang  Chengrun from Qingdao, East China's Shandong Province, is a professional magician who has won several awards over the years at domestic and international magic competitions. He also claimed the golden prize at the Beijing International Magic Festival and National Magic Elite Challenge in 2014.The rising star hopes his endeavors in promoting magic among the Chinese will raise an appreciation for this ancient art. "What is attractive to me in magic is that it can spread thoughts. I'd like my audience to know that magic can train people with the ability of reverse thinking. Magicians have to confuse the audience, who usually have stereotypes. So magic can tell people how to break through their stereotypes," Zhang said. Inspired by a famous magician's touring performance in Qingdao in 2009, Zhang developed an interest in magic and decided to learn it himself. He searched for magic educational learning materials on the internet and eventually became a self-taught professional magician. Since most magic educational materials back then were only in English, Zhang had to watch videos at least 20 times over to learn the techniques and skills as well as the use of props. Sometimes a small act that appeared to be simple needed to be practiced thousands of times.While completing his bachelor's degree at college, Zhang spent his spare time practicing magic, even bringing coins and cards to campus. His mirror became his best practicing partner, to see what his audience sees (and does not see). The hard work eventually paid off for Zhang.

Zhang Chengrun Photo: Courtesy of the interviewee Spreading good thoughtsMagic performances can be divided into close-up magic and stage magic. Magic is a comprehensive art form that utilizes psychology, physics, chemistry, biology and even astronomy. According to Zhang, magic is just like making a movie, because it needs lighting, music and a magician's unique talents. "Magic performances can train people in language expression and art appreciation," Zhang said. Different from most people's opinions toward magic, which is as simple amusement and entertainment, Zhang believes magic also requires social and cultural themes that are valuable and meaningful to society and that can influence people's behavior and conduct.He thinks more attention should be paid to the thoughts-spreading contained in Chinese magic culture. That is to say, magic is not only a showcase of clever techniques but also a content-oriented form of thought spreading. Thus, according to Zhang, it is very difficult and takes great effort to design new magic. It once took Zhang two years (eight hours per day) to create one of his magic acts."It usually takes a magician two or three years to design new magic for a competition," said Zhang, who thinks that, with the rise in Chinese people's life quality and spiritual needs, content-oriented magic pose higher requirements on a magician's cultural literacy. 

A magician pulls a rabbit out of his hat Photo: VCGImproving art literacyBut Zhang admits that there is a shortage of outstanding magicians in China at the moment."The reason is that most magicians lack creative thoughts. Their thinking is restricted by old stereotypes. In order to design good magic, you have to come out of the magicians circle, because magic springs from life, similar to many other forms of art which require real-life experiences."That's why I applied for a postgraduate program at Soochou University and am preparing to apply for a doctoral program abroad," said Zhang, who won first prize in a 2014 competition but faced a bottleneck in ideas for his next international competition.He hopes a postgraduate program in physical training will help him gain some valuable experiences. "Overseas, many magicians have very high educational backgrounds. In China, people with only a middle school education learn a bit of magic then start charging for performances, which disrupts the market,"  Zhang said."They received too little edification in arts and their art literacy needs to be improved," he added.Children are the futureThe presentation of magic also shows a diversified trend with stage performances, TV programs, movies and theater. The 2013 American film Now You See Me left a deep impression on Chinese audiences, which also spurred the recent popularization of magic in China.As an all-around magician, Zhang performs magic in movies and TV commercials. He is currently involved in a children's magic play project. It tells the story of a father who is so busy with work that he has no time to play with his son. The son dreams that his father is rejuvenated into someone he can spend time with."I think the Chinese magic industry is at the stage of amusement and entertainment rather than as art. So I think the first target audience should be children, who are expected to change the phenomenon later," Zhang said. "Children are the most difficult to trick in magic, because they can debunk any loophole with their unconventional thinking," Zhang added.Newspaper headline: The magic touch Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Wanna One's Kang Daniel beats out BTS to top S.Korean Best Idol list for 17 weeks straightConservatives in Catholic Church close ranks to stall dialogue with China, but won't succeed: analystsChina, Arab states agree to develop strategic partnership How California can prevent a water crisisLegal pot market undercutCleaning the beach How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐