Pinchas Zukerman Photo: Courtesy of Joanna Lee


Carl St. Clair conducts the Pacific Symphony at the NCPA on May 15. Photo: Courtesy of Wang Xiaojing

Renowned US conductor Carl St. Clair and Israeli-American violinist Pinchas Zukerman brought the Pacific Symphony to China for the first time ever last week. Bringing the works of Ravel, Mozart and Leonard Bernstein, they began their China tour in Shanghai on May 9, before heading to Hefei, Wuxi and Chongqing. Their last stop was Beijing, where they performed at the National Centre for the Performing Arts on the nights of May 14 and 15.The Israeli-American violin master also performed the classic theme song from  Steven Spielberg's 1993 movie Schindler's List as an encore on May 15, which drew loud applause from the audience.As the orchestra began wrapping up the concert with My Homeland - the patriotic theme song from the 1956 Chinese film Shang Gan Ling - as their third and last encore, many members of the audience began to cheer and sing along with the well-known melody."About the Chinese encore, we read two or three possibilities, and it didn't feel right… And then I found this song when I was searching on YouTube," St. Clair, also the orchestra's music director and a student of Bernstein, told the Global Times.Though this marks Pacific Symphony's China debut, for Zukerman and St. Clair it is already their sixth or seventh visit to the country. Having cooperated with Chinese veterans from the industry numerous times, the two musicians sat down with the Global Times to share their thoughts on China's rapidly growing classical music market.Booming industryBoth of them took special note of the large number of young people in the audiences that came to the concerts during the tour. "We don't see many young people in audiences in America, but you can see so many young kids sitting right in the front rows and they're just like so eager and so attentive and you could see they're just soaking everything in," St. Clair said. "It's amazing to see so many kids when we played the other night," Zukerman told the Global Times. "I think it's because there's a difference in cultural understanding."The fever for having young children learn Western musical instruments, especially the violin and piano, first broke out in China in the 1990s. Continuing to grow over the years, it has helped push market demand for classical music concerts and salons.According to an article on music industry-focused platform Music Business China, the number of classical orchestra performances reached a peak in Beijing and Shanghai in 2014 equaling world classical music centers including London, Berlin and New York. The number of foreign orchestras coming to perform in China has also been increasing. "I will be back in China in a year or a year and a half again with a different orchestra probably," said Zukerman.In recent years, the US violinist held several master classes in China and has even recruited a number of Chinese students."I have Chinese kid students who are doing very well in America and they're coming back to China from the US slowly," the Grammy-winning musician told the Global Times."But parents have to stop pushing those kids - it's a problem," said Zukerman, frowning upon stories about Chinese parents who push their children to attend numerous violin competitions and examinations as they learn the instrument. "I have doubts about it," he said. "But I am not in charge and I don't know what to do about it."For St. Clair, who teaches at the University of Southern California and Indiana University Bloomington, his impression about young Chinese music learners comes from Chinese students who go to study at US conservatories and colleges. "I see many people who come from China there to study. They're playing in my orchestra all the time," said the US conductor. "The Chinese people I am working with are of college age and very, very disciplined and extremely talented."Surviving the digital ageTalking about music education in the digital age, St. Clair emphasized that classical music training can provide children something that cannot be replaced. "Every hour a young person has a music instrument in their hands or under their fingers in the form of a keyboard, that means one more hour you don't have a gadget and that means one more hour you are not playing a video game," St. Clair noted."If you're playing a music instrument, you're doing something that is teaching you so many lessons about life - not taking your life away, but giving you life."For Zukerman, who has never been a big fan of smartphones, new music created using solely an iPhone or other digital devices can barely be viewed as true music."If someone plays well and you only hear it on there (the devices), it is not good," he said. "The technology is helping our communication, but is it helping our arts? No, you need to touch [the instrument]." Newspaper headline: Looking to the future Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Time for China to cool Sino-Australian tiesChina welcomes Trump's assurance of NK securityIndia's largest public sector bank posts highest-ever loss Flying taxis face many hurdles before public use in major citiesCA governor's race heats upTour of California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐