An "ecological toilet" put up in a tourist attraction in Wuxi, Jiangsu Province. It is part of the new "toilet revolution" launched by the Chinese government in 2015, which aims to make the country's public toilets cleaner and more regulated. Photo: IC 
In a rare gesture, government departments in a city in Southwestern China's Sichuan Province have decided to open their toilets to the public. Authorities in Neijiang city say the move is aimed at "building closer connections with people."The facility labeled "sharing toilets" will open in about 100 government buildings and pubic businesses in Neijiang's Shizhong district. Later the campaign will cover all districts in the city. The local campaign, which is part of the toilet revolution aimed at developing domestic tourism and improving people's quality of life, was hailed by experts as a "courageous move" that can be implemented across the country.  'Harmonize public-govt relations'Chen Yunru, the owner of a super market would find it hard to trudge for 10 minutes to the nearest public toilet. Now she just crosses the street into the Neijiang Human Recourses and Social Security Bureau (NHRSSB)."When I'm in a hurry to use the toilet, the difference between 10 seconds and 10 minutes is huge," Chen told news site thecover.cn. Bus drivers of line 101 are also frequent visitors to the NHRSSB lavatories.  They have got their fingerprints recorded so they can use the toilets even when the building is closed on holidays. More than 500 squat toilets at 98 Party and government organizations and enterprises in Neijiang's Shizhong district will open to the public for free from July, and there would be street signs leading to them. Remaining districts in Neijiang city will also carry out the campaign at the end of the year.Finding toilets have long been difficult for locals since the area is densely populated, Ling Gang, the deputy head of Shizhong district's urban administrative enforcement bureau, told the Global Times.The campaign is not mandatory and it is up to local Party and government departments to decide if they want to participate, the official said.Some Party and government departments isolate themselves from the public with gates and walls. It seems like an invisible wall between the public and government, Ling said. "The sharing toilets are not only a great convenience to the public, they harmonize relations with officials," he added. The campaign has so far received official support from 34 Party and government departments, and 60 more are to come onboard. Enforce mass lineThe Neijiang government has shown courage by throwing open its toilets to public. It can be hailed as an obedient enforcer of the Party's mass line, Su Wei, a professor at the Party School of the CPC Chongqing Municipal Committee, told the Global Times on Wednesday. Opening their doors to the public means the civil servants are ready to embrace the people, and are confident to deal with possible problems that they might have, Su said. "Some Party officials have for some time alienated the public. They think of themselves as 'rulers' instead of having a mindset of serving the people. Some even see the people as they were facing enemies," Zhi Zhenfeng, a legal expert at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences in Beijing, told Global Times. "There would be no civil servants if there is no public support ." "We welcome the public to use the toilet. It won't cause officials any trouble but bring convenience to the locals," Ling noted. Some lavatories will undergo renovation, to serve the public better. Ling brushes off security concerns since Party and government departments which join the campaign are non-classified, and exclude courts, procuratorate, and military.The sharing toilets campaign should be rolled out across China, Su said, adding it conforms to the central government's call to fight against four forms of decadence - formalism, hedonism, bureaucracy and extravagance. Zhi, however, said it is unrealistic to open all toilets of Party and government organizations since local governments must have firm public support in the first place. In order to better connect with the public, some local governments even dismantled walls and removed guards in recent years - such as Shanxi province's Changzhi, Zhejiang Province's Yuhang and Yunnan Province's Suijiang county, the Global Times found. "Most Party and government departments in Neijiang don't have guards or walls. In buildings with guards, people need to register before they enter," Ling said. "It would not be a surprise if locals using the toilet bump into a leader," the official joked. Newspaper headline: Loo-cal connection Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Time for China to cool Sino-Australian tiesChina welcomes Trump's assurance of NK securityIndia's largest public sector bank posts highest-ever loss Flying taxis face many hurdles before public use in major citiesCA governor's race heats upTour of California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐