Chinese Premier Li Keqiang said Wednesday that China, Japan and South Korea should carry out joint projects through a new cooperation model that he referred to as "China-Japan-South Korea+X." If the UN Security Council lifts economic sanctions against North Korea after it gives up its nuclear program, that nation is very likely to become the "X" in the new cooperation framework.The ultimate aim of this model of cooperation is to establish a multilateral platform to promote Asia's development. However, given the complex geopolitical landscape of East Asia, cooperation should, more realistically, be implemented step by step with patience. China, Japan and South Korea could perhaps directly earmark certain projects or certain countries as starting points to start cooperation. North Korea is an appropriate partner. We can perhaps allow North Korea to fill the position of "X" in the new cooperation framework.In East Asia, the economies of China, Japan and South Korea have become heavily interdependent, but the whole region has made slow progress in economic integration because North Korea is a closed economy under UN sanctions. However, North Korea occupies a key geographical position in the region. If North Korea can be involved in the new cooperation framework, all parties concerned will benefit by connecting with one another through new trade routes. China has called for joint projects under the new cooperation model to focus on several areas including capacity cooperation, poverty reduction, disaster management and energy conservation. North Korea and the other three East Asian countries have broad potential for cooperation in such areas. Efforts to enhance coordination and collaboration on economic issues will help integrate resources in different countries and offer effective economic assistance to North Korea.In the past few years, there has been a lot of talk about the "10 plus 3" mechanism, which stands for cooperation between the 10 Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) members and three East Asian countries: China, Japan and South Korea. ASEAN is the core part of the cooperation mechanism. However, China has called for the establishment of the new cooperation model that many have referred to as "3 plus X," the core of which is China, Japan and South Korea.Asia's economic center of gravity is in the east, with the combined GDPs of China, Japan and South Korea accounting for about 70 percent of the Asian economy. If the three countries join hands, economic exchanges and regional affairs can be effectively promoted.   North Korea's future to some extent rests on the rejuvenation of the region.The author is a reporter with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Chinese video app removes Peppa Pig, now a subculture icon in ChinaChinese crane operators protest for better pay, working conditionsSolution to China-US trade row must be fair US must take stand to end racist incidents like Starbucks arrestGovt hit with fuel lawsuitBeyond the wall How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐