I am a big fan of pretty hands and well cared for nails. So, it's no surprise that I get a manicure quite frequently. I always try to convince my boyfriend to join me. Oh, how I wish he would get some moisture on those hands. But he refuses every time and tells me that going to a nail salon is too girly for him.In his eyes, a man's hands should be a bit rough. To him, the hands of males don't have to be pretty, but they must be practical. His view is a bit old-fashioned, but it is certainly not uncommon among men and maybe even a few females back home. Since I am so used to the "typical" male hand, it was not hard to notice that here in China it seems like the male population has quite a different attitude toward hand and nail care. It's a country full of smooth male hands.More than once I have seen guys in China applying hand cream or sitting in a salon to get a pedicure or manicure. Also, very often I see people wearing gloves to protect their skin, even in the gyms. Most of the guys I have observed at the gym wear gloves to lift weights. Certainly, the beauty standard of having one much longer pinky nail is nothing I fully understand or appreciate, but it makes men take better care of their hands. If they do not take care of their hands, that nail will break easily and won't become as long as they like. Most men I know from the West prefer short nails so that they do not have to worry about a nail ripping. Back home it is considered manly to build things with one's own hands. A man who is handy is considered desirable. A handyman mostly has rough hands. So, I think rough hands are associated with the image of a man who can build things- a man who can change your tire or fix things around the house. In China, such skills are not as essential, since it is so easy and cheap to just have another person come and fix things around the house. Here, a person who does not have the hands of a worker is considered rich because their job does not require manual labor, which in China is often not well paid. So, smooth hands with long nails also represent a better-paid job.This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Chinese video app removes Peppa Pig, now a subculture icon in ChinaChinese crane operators protest for better pay, working conditionsSolution to China-US trade row must be fair US must take stand to end racist incidents like Starbucks arrestGovt hit with fuel lawsuitBeyond the wall How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐