The exterior of China Communications Construction Co's building in the Xiongan New Area, North China's Hebei Province, is seen being finished on March 8. Photo: VCGThe Chinese government is urging Canada to ditch its prejudices while providing a fairer business environment for Chinese companies to invest in the North American country. The comment came after Canada blocked on Wednesday a buyout deal between Canadian construction company Aecon Group and a unit of the China Communications Construction Co (CCCC), citing alleged national security concerns."In principle, China has always been opposed to making business and investment political, as well as to political intervention in the name of national security," Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesperson Lu Kang told a briefing on Thursday.The buyout offer of C$1.22 billion ($948 million) was made in October 2017 by China Communications Construction International Holding (CCCI), the international financing arm of CCCC, a major contractor. The acquisition was put on hold for review on February, and on Wednesday the Canadian government announced its rejection on national security grounds."We listened to the advice of our national security agencies. Based on their findings, in order to protect national security, we ordered CCCI not to implement the proposed investment" said Canadian Innovation Minister Navdeep Bains in an official statement.The Canadian ministry's statement did not mention which specific national security threats were involved or how the security review was conducted.Aecon's management unanimously agreed on October 26, 2017 to a buyout offer by CCCI, which offered a 42 percent premium over the stock price at the time, and 99.4 percent of Aecon shareholders approved the sale in December.The deal was expected to keep management intact while providing CCCI's resources to help expand Aecon's operations in Canada, according to Aecon's statements.Ottawa's rejection of the deal was a rare move by the Canadian government, which has generally been very open to foreign investment. "It is quite odd, given that Canada and China are negotiating a free trade agreement" and Canada just joined the Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank (AIIB), Bai Ming, deputy director of the International Market Research Institute under the Ministry of Commerce, told the Global Times on Thursday. "One would think if they want opportunities in infrastructure projects in the AIIB they should also allow Chinese companies to enjoy opportunities in Canada," Bai noted.Aecon showed its displeasure in a statement issued late on Wednesday. "We are disappointed with the government's decision," President and CEO John Beck said. "Through our proposed transaction with CCCI we had outlined a vision in which Aecon would be better able to compete with the many large global construction companies actively working in Canada. The deal offered considerable benefits to Aecon and its various stakeholders," he noted. Shares of Aecon closed at C$17.34 on Wednesday, 14 percent below CCCI's buyout offer.CCCC didn't respond immediately to requests for comment on Thursday.Experts were skeptical about the ostensible reasoning behind Canada's rejection of the buyout. "Construction companies aren't exactly high-tech companies, so Canada seems a bit oversensitive here. The decision is probably due to domestic construction companies not wanting competition from Chinese companies," said Bai. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Time for China to cool Sino-Australian tiesChina welcomes Trump's assurance of NK securityIndia's largest public sector bank posts highest-ever loss Flying taxis face many hurdles before public use in major citiesCA governor's race heats upTour of California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐