A train passes a bridge at Kuala Lumpur. File photo: VCG
Malaysia will have to pay far more in penalties than what was suggested by newly elected Prime Minister Mahathir Mohamad over reports that the Southeast Asian country will walk away from the Kuala Lumpur-Singapore Railway project, analysts said.Malaysia is cancelling the $17 billion project, Reuters reported on Monday. The country will talk with Singapore about any compensation Malaysia has to pay, according to the 92-year-old prime minister who won the general election earlier this month.Mahathir, who wants to cut Malaysia's national debt, said that the project agreed to by his predecessor is too expensive and has no financial benefit."It is a final decision," Mahathir was quoted as saying when referring to his scrapping of the project.However, a Chinese expert said things may not be so "final.""There is nothing final yet. There is enough reason to believe that there can be a turnaround. Maybe the project could be downgraded to a normal-speed railway project and still connect the two capitals," said Xu Liping, a senior research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences. "It is doubtful that the two reasons he raised can actually stand," he said.Analysts said scrapping the project will cost Malaysia much more than the the 500 million ringgit ($125.63 million) suggested by Mahathir. "I would say the compensation faced by the Malaysian government could reach billions or tens of billions," Xu said.  Malaysia and Singapore opened the bidding in December 2017, and originally, the successful bidders were scheduled to be announced by the end of 2018, domestic news site caixin.com reported on Tuesday. Companies from China, Japan, South Korea and various countries in Europe were among the bidders. According to Xu, the current part of the bid separated the construction and operation of the project and made it clear that the winner of the construction work part wouldn't get the operation contract. This arrangement is quite unlike package deals that cover construction and operation, partly because of the vast initial investment involved in high-speed railway projects. "It should not been seen as a setback to China's drive to export its railway technology, heralded by its high-speed railways. The Chinese bidders knew that if they won the construction work, as they had a good chance of doing, they would at that point lose any shot at the operating rights," Xu said. Other projects are also endangered. A 688-kilometer-long rail line on the eastern coast of the country is also among the projects facing an overhaul by Mahathir, who suggested renegotiating the contract terms. The project, valued at $13 billion, is one of largest projects under the China-proposed Belt and Road initiative, and a groundbreaking ceremony was held in August 2017. "If the Malaysian side chooses to pulls out, a penalty is a sure thing," an employee with China Communication Construction Corp, the contractor for the project, told the Global Times on condition of anonymity. But the person noted there has not been a formal request from the Malaysian side to renegotiate."High-speed rail is more than Malaysia needs, as the country is struggling with high debt. The government should put its people's basic needs first," Cynthia Lau, a Malaysian student studying in Shanghai, told the Global Times Tuesday. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Social credit system must bankrupt discredited people: former official B&R needs broader supportCCTV camera maker brands latest US bill as 'groundless' Flying taxis face many hurdles before public use in major citiesCA governor's race heats upTour of California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐