The Envoy and Trade Representative of the Azerbaijan Embassy in Beijing Photo: Courtesy of the Office of Trade Representative at the Embassy of Azerbaijan in Beijing
As one of the first countries to support China's Belt and Road initiative, Azerbaijan has seen fast growth in trade and economy over the past few years. Last year, bilateral trade between China and Azerbaijan reached $1.29 billion, an increase of 43 percent compared with the same period in 2016, marking an all-time high, according to the statistics from Azerbaijan Customs. In 2017, China was the fourth largest trading partner with Azerbaijan, and this ranking is likely to be moving up in the coming years under the Belt and Road initiative.The Global Times (GT) sat with the Envoy and Trade Representative of the Azerbaijan Embassy in Beijing Teymur Nadiroghlu who explains how he views the growth potential in bilateral trade.
GT: Azerbaijan, as an important hub connecting Asia and Europe, has great potential. What do you think are the advantages for Azerbaijan in international cooperation?Nadiroghlu: Azerbaijan plays an important role in connecting the East and the West due to its geographical location. Our president Ilham Aliyev puts great emphasis on constantly improving the logistics infrastructure of the country. Azerbaijan has invested a great deal in improving its road infrastructure and in increasing the size of its ports. We established a new port in the Caspian Sea and built a new railway connecting Baku to Tbilisi and further extended it to Turkey, creating a trans-Caspian East-West trade and transit corridor. The middle corridor, as it is called is vying to become the predominant route connecting China and Europe. Currently, the railway has the capacity to transfer six to eight million tons of goods and in the near future, it will be able to transfer 20 to 25 million tons. We do not only want to be a transit point but a logistical, manufacturing and trade center for Chinese companies, which is our ultimate goal. GT: How many Chinese companies are based in Azerbaijan, and what fields are they focused in?Nadiroghlu: There are 113 Chinese companies such as Huawei, ZTE and China Southern Airlines that have branches in Azerbaijan and conduct business in telecommunications, oil, agriculture and other services. Lately, there are opportunities in the renewable and alternative energy sector, and I believe it is very attractive to Chinese companies.
GT: In 2017, the bilateral trade between China and Azerbaijan was $1.29 billion, reaching an all-time high. What is the trigger behind this growth?Nadiroghlu: This dramatic growth shows strong dynamics in bilateral trade. At this point, we receive more goods from China than we export. We see that there is a great potential for growth, and we are looking forward to boosting our exports to China.
GT: What are the policies that encourage foreign investors to invest in Azerbaijan?Nadiroghlu: Our government has introduced many attractive incentives for foreign investors. There are four major industrial parks that are operating in Azerbaijan, and the companies that are based in these parks do not need to pay corporate income tax, property tax or land tax for seven years. If you are in the manufacturing business, you do not need to pay any value-added tax or customs fees on imported equipment. This policy is not only for the Chinese companies, but I believe the Chinese companies can get the most advantages from these incentives. If you want to establish your business somewhere outside of these business parks, you may have the opportunity to receive a 50 percent discount from the government on your corporate income tax once you become a holder of Investment Promotion Document. Chinese companies can also establish their bases at the Free Trade Zone located in the new Alyat sea port. This FTZ carries one of the most liberal and business-friendly laws and regulations and will serve as an important consolidation and distribution center in Central Eurasia. 
GT: How do you view the opportunities for business development between companies of China and Azerbaijan under the Belt and Road initiative?Nadiroghlu: The Belt and Road initiative creates an abundance of opportunities for all countries alongside the ancient Silk Road. Azerbaijan is one of the very first supporters of this initiative. I believe this great initiative has changed the rotary of many countries from looking to the West to looking to the East in order to further develop their economy. It also helps to open new markets for Chinese investors. This initiative has put China under a spotlight that shows China is not only an economic power but also a country that is willing to share its experiences, invest and further open its doors for import. B&R cooperation is giving SMEs' a good platform to introduce their products to the Chinese market. We are looking forward to greatly increasing our exports in food and beverages products, our exporters have never been so optimistic about the Chinese market. More than 30 companies from Azerbaijan plan to display their best products at the First China International Import Expo. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China's core interests will be protected despite US tariffs: MOFCOMRussia aims to follow China's lead with African tiesIs China being marginalized on Korean Peninsula? Flying taxis face many hurdles before public use in major citiesCA governor's race heats upTour of California How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐