China-France Oceanography Satellite (CFOSat), aboard a Long March-2C carrier rocket, took off at 8:43 am from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, Northwest China's Gansu Province, and entered a sun-synchronous orbit 520 kilometers above the Earth. Photo: VCG
 Chinese President Xi Jinping and his French counterpart Emmanuel Macron on Monday exchanged congratulations on the successful launch earlier in the day of a jointly developed ocean observation satellite.
Codenamed China-France Oceanography Satellite (CFOSat), the ocean-observing satellite, aboard a Long March-2C carrier rocket, took off at 8:43 am from the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, Northwest China's Gansu Province, and entered a sun-synchronous orbit 520 kilometers above the Earth, Xinhua News Agency reported. 
In his congratulatory message to Macron, Xi said space cooperation is an important part of the China-France comprehensive strategic partnership, and the successful launch of the jointly developed oceanography satellite represents the latest result, which will play a significant role in global marine environment monitoring, disaster management and reduction, and the battle against climate change, among others.
Xi said China attaches great importance to China-France relations and is willing to work with France to deepen bilateral cooperation in various fields, and constantly promote a close, lasting bilateral comprehensive strategic partnership to a higher level, so as to better benefit the two countries and peoples.
For his part, Macron said that the CFOSat launch marks an important step forward in bilateral space cooperation.
The French President said space cooperation is an important part of the France-China strategic cooperation, and France is willing to work with China to deepen bilateral exchanges and cooperation on space and climate change.
The joint mission between the China National Space Administration (CNSA) and the Centre National d'Etudes Spatiales, the French space agency, will enable round-the-clock observations of the global wave spectrum, effective wave height and ocean surface wind field, Xinhua said. According to a statement the CNSA sent to the Global Times on Monday, the CFOSat can also monitor the land surface, generating data on the moisture and roughness of the soil as well as the condition of the polar ice sheets to provide fundamental research information for global climate studies. 
China is in charge of providing the satellite platform and ocean surface wind-observing load and launch tracks and controls, while France is responsible for providing a wave-monitoring load for the cooperation, the statement said. 
The monitoring data will be shared by scientists from both countries. 
The CFOSat project was approved in 2009, and during the French leader's official visit to China this January, Macron received a scale model of the satellite. 
CNSA said at the Monday launch that the Long March-2C is also carrying a science and education satellite developed by Belarusian State University and six other Chinese science and technology experiment satellites. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass The US in dire need of anti-extremism educationAustralian state of Victoria signs MoU with China on Belt & RoadEfforts to eliminate extremism in Xinjiang change local lives for the better Weddings no longer about heart – it costs an arm and a legCalifornia's shadow looms over Nevada's midtermGiant balloon How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐