Illustration: Luo Xuan/GT
 
Huawei Technologies, the world's largest telecom equipment gear maker and second-largest smartphone vendor, has advanced on many technology fronts, particularly in leading global 5G research and development. Earlier this month, the vendor announced that it is making an impressive push to expand its presence in the semiconductor sector by unveiling two state-of-the-art artificial intelligence (AI) chips. The chips, known as the Ascend 910 and Ascend 310, will drive Huawei's bid to power next-generation mobile phones and cloud solutions. The chips put Huawei squarely in the league of the world's most advanced semiconductor makers.However, the US, to serve its narrow purpose of containing Huawei, has placed a restriction on the Chinese company for many years till now. Lately, two US senators went too far by openly requesting neighboring Canada not to use Huawei as a contractor for the nation's fifth-generation (5G) mobile networks - although Huawei has been a major supplier to Canada's 4G networks. When US Senators Marco Rubio and Mark Warner wrote a letter telling Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau to keep Huawei out of its plans to build a next-generation internet network, many observers could not believe their eyes, for the US politicians were actually bullying a docile neighbor. To some extent, Huawei has been a metaphor of future business success. Thanks to the superior equipment and service that Huawei provides, many economies in Asia, Europe, Africa and elsewhere have gained, with ordinary people having access to unfettered and fast broadband service. In China, Huawei is the predominant supplier of the 3G and 4G mobile networks that provided a foundation for the rise of numerous internet start-ups in the country. Among these, Alibaba, Tencent, Baidu, Weibo and Ctrip have become world-class brands. Chinese experts said that what the US politicians are doing is totally against the principles of free market competition, which the US has repeatedly used as an excuse to find unwarranted fault with China. To Canada, the move appears to be interference in its internal affairs. The request by the US senators for Canada to shun Huawei's equipment put their arrogance on full display.In trying to harass and hold back Huawei - and China's rise in the field of high technology as a whole - the US is starting to use political tools to threaten its small allies, regardless of the normal rules of international relations. In addition, there are the economic woes its coercion may inflict on other economies. For about two years now, the US, following the "America First" doctrine, has been entrenched in its protectionist, unilateralist stance and refused to change course. US protectionism has brought the world economy severe uncertainty and negativity. It is proving to be a destructive force.China, facing high punitive tariffs imposed by the US government, is embracing the world by deciding to open its markets broader to foreign companies. It is also aligning itself closer with other economies in infrastructure and high technology, including high-speed railways, advanced nuclear power plants, new-energy vehicles, mobile broadband and AI. What this country believes in is sharing with all and win-win. Naturally, Huawei is hoping to continue its annual massive investment on research and development, build up its technology base and intellectual property rights, and distribute the world's best mobile networks, digital devices, servers, chips and AI applications and solutions. These products will be widely used to propel economic growth in China and all other countries that accept cooperation and globalization. What Huawei needs to do is to prove it will not be deterred and its success lies in its innovation genes.The author is an editor with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Will Vietnam toe US line on South China Sea?US moves worsening South China Sea rowHinduism tied to India's geopolitical standing Big bluefin tuna make comeback after 80-year hiatus off California coastUSA CSA celebrates two decades of healthy growthCommunity Kids Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐