Illustration: Peter C. Espina/GTSouth Korean boy band BTS made headlines again recently after winning more awards and topping more charts, which is not something I personally care about since my own favorite idol group, EXO from South Korea, is BTS' primary rival.But it matters a lot for my girlfriend Lily, who is a fan of BTS. She calls me "fangirl" when I am charmed by EXO's new songs and their faces. Ridiculously, she used to be make fun of me for being a fangirl, but now she is a fan of BTS.Many young Chinese are infatuated with South Korean boy bands. Some appreciate their soft, feminine appearance, some like watching them dance, and a few such as Lily and myself enjoy their music. I used to listen to classical music, which makes me feel peaceful and comfortable. However, when I first listened to EXO, it didn't take long for me to overdose on K-POP music. As a result, we recently bought tickets to an EXO concert. Smoke machines, loudspeakers, and rhythmic dancing back and forth on stage provided the audience a spectacle. The live show was awesome and we enjoyed it.But just five weeks later, Lily told me with a serious expression that she would never listen to their songs again after one of her favorite members left the band. "I can't bear it." She said. "Why did my favorite idol leave my favorite team?" In her mind, this behavior was a kind of betrayal. So she renounced the band and said she would never listen to their songs again.I can understand her choice, but I don't agree with her behavior. Following a boy band is like a marriage, because you must make compromises between your needs and those of your partner. If you can so readily change your love, it only proves that you are capricious and immature. While I thought she would be depressed for some time, only a few days later, Lily told me that she was a new fan of BTS. What a capricious woman! "Why?" I asked. "Obviously they are more handsome, more energetic and more talented, especially their group leader," she responded with an intoxicated expression. "Look at his face, listen to his songs, what a charming guy! See, the meaning of his songs are totally different from other K-POP songs. His are full of encouragement for teenagers.""He must be a gentleman," she continued, "which makes me love him most." It suddenly dawned on me that perhaps she doesn't like the idol himself; she just likes his image. And the moment he fails to maintain that well-crafted image, Lily will abandon her love  and switch to yet another idol. This article was published on the Global Times Metropolitan section Two Cents page, a space for reader submissions, including opinion, humor and satire. The ideas expressed are those of the author alone, and do not represent the position of the Global Times. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Alibaba's Jack Ma steals stage with speech at Israel forumForge international cooperation less focused on USWhy Washington politicians need to read Cha's Wuxia novels Family dynamics show changing cultural landscapeTrump targets US birthright citizenship as elections loomRose Queen How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐