LandSpace launches its first rocket carrying a small satellite at the Jiuquan Satellite Launch Center, Northwest China's Gansu Province, on Saturday. Photo: VCGSummary:As China's private aerospace firms take inspiration from SpaceX, China's electric vehicle (EV) start-ups aim to repeat the success story of Tesla Inc. As start-ups making EVs have run into troubles lately, some fear the nation's aerospace firms will take a similar track. The Global Times interviewed industry insiders who said the two groups of firms face a different future.A number of Chinese private EV makers have experienced a boom but also began to feel the pinch of a bust as investors' patience began to run out. In particular, private EV makers, also known as "the new force," don't deliver many units as of now and their niche market is now threatened by traditional car makers, which are both ample in capital and have a wealth of technology.Although there is a logical reference between the EV start-ups and China's private aerospace companies, industry insiders said they are different and will unlikely face the quagmire faced by the EV "new force."The cash burnerOne aspect faced by China's EV new force is the rate at which their endeavors burn money. Nio Chairman Li Bin said trying to build a car costs much more money than he had expected.He Xiaopeng, chairman of the EV start-up Guangzhou Xiaopeng Motors Technology Co, reportedly said 20 billion yuan ($2.88 billion) is not enough for his company's undertaking.Zhang Changwu, CEO of Beijing-based private space company LandSpace, referred to by some as China's SpaceX, told the Global Times that the business that aims at sending viable commercial rockets into the orbits also costs a huge sum, but not as much as making cars. Zhang believes 3 billion yuan is enough for a commercial rocket project. Zhao Tian, an investor from Kr Fund, a venture capital fund that once invested in China's private aerospace firms, said both of the two endeavors burn money. But there is a difference.The industrial chain of building a car is longer than that of building a rocket, according to Zhao. For the former, the investment will have to go further down the chain ranging from manufacturing and driving to software and new materials. For the latter, the majority of investors' money is spent on research and development.Zhang agreed, saying "the chain for commercial rockets, or the industrial links that are involved, is much shorter than an electric car.""In terms of the cash needed, commercial rockets are much less demanding," Zhang told the Global Times in a recent interview. "An initial investment of 3 billion yuan will boost our pipeline to a functioning level to churn out pretty good products that generate revenues."Capital's patienceWhile investors for EV start-ups choose mass production of models as the criteria to validate their investment decisions, industry insiders said that sending the commercial rockets into the right orbit is their litmus test for success.Xing Qiang, an aerospace expert, said the commercial aerospace company's ability to deliver services can be affirmed when it successfully sends a satellite into a predestinated orbit.Zhao said each of many periodical milestones of developing a commercial rocket can determine whether the project can still retain the favor of investors."If one company could send a rocket into orbit at an earlier time, it will beat its competitors by a considerable margin, and stimulate more attention from the capital market," noted Zhao."For rockets, the ability to deliver satellite missions is the only way to make profits," Xing said, noting that NASA gave a cargo lifting contract worth $1.6 billion after SpaceX's Falcon 1 successfully reached orbit.In the second half of 2018, the investor circles seem to be losing patience toward China's EV start-ups due to delayed mass production and delivery. This has resulted in the question of how long investors' patience will last for China's commercial rocket maker. "I believe the window period is three to five years." Zhang said. "If that window closes and industry participants fail to deliver, then perhaps the opportunity will be gone."Xing had the same estimates. Xing urged investors to have more patience with China's nascent private commercial rockets industry. "Although China's rocket firms were only registered not long ago, they had accumulated significant technologies beforehand."However, space endeavors are precarious. On Saturday, LandSpace launched its first rocket carrying a small satellite from a State satellite launch center. The rocket, named ZQ-1, failed its mission to send the cargo to its target orbit.Zhao said that commercial rocket investors had a consensus that they are in this for long-term results, not short-term profits. One reason is that for rockets, the downstream scenarios are quite mature. The delivered satellite could serve a wide range of duties including navigation, communication, weather and agriculture. "There is no need to explore new scenarios for rockets," Zhao said. "Investors are confident in the commercialization of freight rockets and they care about how to reduce costs once the private start-ups can successfully launch rockets."Relationship with rivalsAs private commercial rocket companies will be primarily a complementary one to existing State-backed space companies, they won't face so daunting a task to defend their niche market from traditional giants in the field, industry insiders said.While EV start-ups are facing the potential encroachment of their market share by traditional car makers, whose industrial strength and market position are both strong. Private aerospace companies also face their own rivals. State-owned China Aerospace Science and Industry Corp has its Kuaizhou series rockets prepared for commercial missions. China Aerospace Science and Technology Corp has its own equivalents, too. Xing said private space firms tend to perform better in terms of efficiency. Zhao said they can attract talents in ways that State-owned firms cannot. Both Xing and Zhang said there will be differentiation."Private and State-owned space firms don't have to compete on the same track," said Xing. "And the small satellite industry is a growing one." According to a January report by industry website spaceworkscommercial.com, a total of 2,600 mini-sized satellites are needed to be launched in the next five years.Newspaper headline: Fate of two innovative start-up groups Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass The US in dire need of anti-extremism educationAustralian state of Victoria signs MoU with China on Belt & RoadEfforts to eliminate extremism in Xinjiang change local lives for the better Weddings no longer about heart – it costs an arm and a legCalifornia's shadow looms over Nevada's midtermGiant balloon How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐