Chinese mainland stock dropped sharply in the morning session on Tuesday  but quickly rebounded and closed  higher thanks to government supporting efforts.      The reversal came as China's securities watchdog rolled out a statement that encourages stock repurchase and investment of mid-term & long-term capital, while asserting that the government will further relax restrictions on securities trading. "The CSRC's statement has people's mind at ease," Yang Delong, chief economist of First Seafront Fund, told the Global Times on Tuesday. The Shanghai market opened at 2,538.57 points and quickly slumped to 2,522 points and then climbed to 2,572 points by 11:08 am. The bourse ended at 2,568 points on Tuesday, up by 1.02 percent.  The Shenzhen bourse underwent a similar volatility, slumping in the first half hour after opening and then rebounded in the next 30 minutes. The Shenzhen Component Index closed at 7,375 points on Tuesday, up by 0.72 percent. The market rebound came as the China Securities Regulatory Commission (CSRC) published a statement on its official website on Tuesday morning, saying that it would create conditions to facilitate listed companies to conduct stock buybacks, the statement noted. "This is exerting an instantaneous impact on the stock prices," said Dong Dengxin, director of the Wuhan University of Science and Technology's Finance and Securities Institute. According to Dong, to date hundreds of Chinese listed companies have disclosed their stock repurchase plans, but many of those plans are small-scale and are deemed by investors as a kind of reluctant gesture to rescue a bearish market. On Monday, Ping An Insurance (Group) Company announced that the company would repurchase its shares with a total amount of about 10 percent of its entire capital stock, which amounted to about 110 billion yuan ($15.8 billion)."Ping An's action is sending a clear signal to the market that listed companies will start large-scale stock repurchase programs, which would help increase market liquidity to a great extent," Dong said.  The CSRC will also encourage "value investment," allowing institutional investors including insurances, social security funds and securities investment funds to direct more incremental mid-term and long-term capital into the market. The regulator will also "reduce transaction barriers" and increase market liquidity by reducing "unnecessary intervention in (stock) transaction behavior," the CSRC said in the statement. "If the government would  loosen grip on stock price restriction, moving closer to scrapping the daily trading limit," Dong said. "This would make the markets more active with higher trading volumes." Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-Belgium cooperation to bring geothermal boostChina won't seek to control global rare-earth market by cutting outputCambridge scholar lauds reform and opening-up while underscoring West's ignorance of nation Weddings no longer about heart – it costs an arm and a legCalifornia's shadow looms over Nevada's midtermGiant balloon How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐