The dragon-shape swing in Xiamutang village of Jiangxi Province. Photo: Courtesy of UED magazine 
 

Co-fairyland by Xi’an Jiaotong-Liverpool University. Photo: Courtesy of UED magazine 
 

Suspension Gallery from South China University of Technology. Photo: Courtesy of UED magazine 
 

The Veil by Nanjing University. Photo: Courtesy of UED magazine 
 

The dragon-shape swing in Xiamutang village of Jiangxi Province. Photo: Courtesy of UED magazine 
Xiamutang, a village in East China's Jiangxi Province, has been transformed into a cultural hub through the Village Vision project. The new village opened to the public on Sunday with architectural designs, art installations and playground facilities for children. Launched by China Building Center and UED magazine, the Village Vision aims to innovate each traditional village with a unique cultural character. Liu Qing, UED's executive editor-in-chief, told the Global Times on Monday that the project is not only an upgrade of buildings and its surrounding environment, but also an experiment into the future development of each village. "We hope to accomplish the rural revitalization through design, culture and art," she said. According to Liu, Xiamutang village has been changed into a library of hand-painted books for children, an exhibition space, a summer design camp, as well as a studio for traditional hand-made paper craft. Chinese designer Xie Xiaoying converted a pool in the village's center into a waterside open-air theater, a public space for villagers to rest and entertain.  Works of students from 21 universities in China and abroad have been on exhibit inside the village, including Bamboo Suspenders from Hunan University, Plum Blossom-fun of the Central Academy of Fine Arts, Suspension Gallery from South China University of Technology and a co-fairyland by Xi'an Jiaotong-Liverpool University. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Pope urges Chinese Catholics to unite after the bishops deal with ChinaBaidu, Intel to set up 5G, AI lab in China despite escalating trade tensionsUK Peer walks in China to witness changes over 40 years UA pilots under fire for napping during trans-Atlantic flightExpansion work on Garden of Flowing Fragrance to beginChina's climate change efforts highlighted in CA How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐