Consumers wait in line to enter the venue where Hauwei launched its Mate 20 series. Photo: IC  

The outlook of Huawei Mate 20 Photo: VCGThe newly-unveiled high-end Huawei Mate 20 features the latest mobile advances in processing, artificial intelligence (AI) capabilities, battery and memory card, which showed that the Chinese tech firm is getting closer to foreign rivals such as Apple and Samsung. The Shenzhen-based firm unveiled its latest gadget Mate 20 series smartphone, powered by its high-performance mobile AI chipset Kirin 980, on Tuesday (UK time) in London. When consumers across the world were surprised by its camera system that has a 16mm Leica ultra wide angle lens and a wireless reverse charge that can serve as a wireless power bank, analysts noted that its latest chipset inside the smartphone - the world's first commercial 7nm processor - could compete with Qualcomm chips. "Huawei Mate 20 has top-level configuration powered by its own Kirin 980, which will have better performance compared to its counterparts," Liu Dingding, a Beijing-based industry analyst, told the Global Times on Thursday. The chipset, unveiled at the IFA consumer electronics show in September, has the first dual neural processing unit design equipped with AI capabilities, which can be used in different scenarios. For example, a user can point the camera of Huawei Mate 20 toward a well-known painting or landmark, then the device, with the help of image recognition technology, will tell the story behind those objects, Huawei said in a statement sent to the Global Times. Other smartphone makers like Apple have also implemented similar AI technologies in their products such as facial recognition. "In fact, the new 3D live object modeling that Huawei Mate 20 has, can be used in more scenarios than just AI-powered face unlock," said Wang Xi, an analyst with the International Data Corp (IDC). By the new gadget's 3D live object modeling, consumers can even create a fun digital avatar to dance or interact with, Huawei said. "It also can be used in the upcoming 5G era, for instance in the gaming industry, which is highly potential," Wang told the Global Times. Huawei has already surpassed Apple in smartphone shipments in the second quarter of 2018, with a market share of 15.8 percent globally, according to a report released by IDC in July. Samsung, which accounted for 20.9 percent in market share, still topped the ranking. Huawei Mate 20 RS (with a memory capacity of 8GB and 256GB) is priced at 1,695 euro ($1946.9), and Mate 20 RS (with 8GB + 512GB configuration) will be sold at 2,095 euro from Tuesday in countries including the UK, France, Italy and United Arab Emirates.By releasing its prime innovative devices in overseas markets first, which are priced almost the same as iPhone's high-end series, Huawei now takes the aim of challenging its major rivals like Apple at the global stage, Liu noted. "However, it (Huawei) still needs time to completely power ahead," he said. As Kirin 980 was built with ARM architecture, which is developed by UK-based Arm Holdings, and Huawei devices still need to be operated on the Google-developed Android system, the Chinese firm has to catch up with tech giants in core technologies, Liu remarked. Still, Huawei has made breakthroughs in memory chips and battery charging. Its Nano memory card, which is also a Huawei invention, can play a significant role in expanding mobile storage, analysts noted. "It (Huawei) came up with a new standard for storage, which will also increase its stake in the industry," Wang said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Female PhD students feel pressure to choose between focusing on dissertations or having a childKhashoggi case tests Washington's attitude to human rightsSupersonic missile passes test Big bluefin tuna make comeback after 80-year hiatus off California coastUSA CSA celebrates two decades of healthy growthCommunity Kids Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐