A woman from Central China's Hunan Province killed herself and her two children on Wednesday after her husband faked his death to collect insurance money.   The wife surnamed Dai jumped into a pond in Xinhua county, Hunan Province with her son and daughter, local newspaper Xiaoxiang Morning Herald reported. Dai left a suicide note expressing her grief and desperation after her husband disappeared on September 19. The search was fruitless and she could no longer handle the pressure, the newspaper reported.         Dai's husband surnamed He was driving a borrowed car when he disappeared. The car was retrieved on October 1 from a river. After learning of the death of his wife and children, He confessed to the police on Friday. Investigation shows He bought insurance for 1 million yuan ($144,561) on September 9 and forged his death. He wanted to use the money to pay off his online loan, Xinhua police reported on its WeChat account.Xinhua police said He was detained for allegedly deliberately destroying property and insurance fraud. A video circulating on Weibo shows He kneeling down in grief, crying that he borrowed money online and overdrew credit cards to pay for treatment for his 3-year-old daughter, who was suffering from epilepsy."He's family said Dai stayed home and He had to earn for four mouths. They also accused Dai of extravagance," Dai's cousin told The Beijing News. Dai had demolition compensation of about 300,000 yuan, and Dai's family suspected that He caused the family's financial predicament, The Beijing News reported. Dai's family told The Beijing News that they may sue He and his family depending on the results of the investigation. Zhang Xinnian, a Beijing-based lawyer, told the Global Times on Monday that He did not succeed in swindling the insurance since he never received money.  "Some netizens said He had caused the death of his family, but the causal relation between He's fraud and Dai's suicide will be difficult to prove in court," Zhang said, adding that He will be condemned morally but unlikely to suffer criminal liability for the death of his family. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China's restraint can prevent Cold WarAs US closes up, EU and China must build closer tiesSaudi Arabia vows retaliation over potential sanctions LAFAA attendees share thoughts on Chinese investments Chinese PE teachers visit US to bolster sports educationRose Princesses How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐