China's central bank cut the amount of cash that commercial banks must hold at the central bank to spur economic growth amid escalating trade war between China and the US while insisting on a prudent and moderate monetary policy. The People's Bank of China (PBC) said on Sunday that it would cut the reserve requirement ratio (RRR) by 100 basis points (bp) starting from October 15, unleashing about 750 billion yuan ($109.2 billion) into the market.Its latest move partly aims at repaying medium-term lending facilities (MLF) of 450 billion yuan, which are due on October 15. Apart from that, the cut is also expected to inject about 750 billion yuan into the market, according to a statement on its website.This is the fourth RRR cut since the beginning of this year. As the central bank cut 100 bp and 50 bp in April and in June, respectively, it has reduced an accumulated RRR by 250 bp, Zhang Ming, a research fellow at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences, said in a research note published on his WeChat account on Sunday. The latest move came out after China's economic growth has further slowed down, with estimated GDP growth of 6.4 percent in the fourth quarter if no measures are taken to prop up it, Zhang noted. And as the trade frictions between China and the US continue, export will contribute less to the overall economic growth, and tighter control over China's real estate sector will also curb investment in the housing market. The main purpose of the latest RRR cut is to optimize the liquidity structure and enhance the financial support in the real economy. With increased credit extension, the medium-and-long-term liquidity demand of financial institutions is also growing. Reducing RRR will help stabilize funding and liquidity of financial institutions and lower fundraising costs of Chinese enterprises, the central bank statement said. This RRR cut does not signal the central bank's shift in its monetary policy from prudent to a relaxed one, as the latest move is relatively neutral, Xie Yaxuan, an expert at China Merchants Securities, said in a research note sent to the Global Times on Sunday. "Further reducing RRR is the future trend," he said, noting that the country's monetary policy is in line with two major targets, namely deleveraging and stabilizing debt ratios. Meanwhile, the latest move will have limited impact on the Chinese yuan, analysts noted. As the central bank cut RRR for offsetting maturing MLF loans, and its extra injected liquidity has moderate scale, which will not cause a significant fall in interest rates, Lian Ping, chief economist at the Bank of Communications, said in a research note sent to the Global Times. The latest RRR cut will not lead to the depreciation pressure of the Chinese yuan, the PBC noted. The market interest rate is stable, and the growth rate of broad money (M2) and the social financing scale is basically in line with the country's GDP growth rate, which is reasonable and moderate.The PBC's statement reflected that the priority now is to spur economic growth, and showed its willingness to keep the exchange rate of the Chinese yuan at a specific level against the US dollar, Zhang noted."To sum up, the yuan will unlikely break 7 against the dollar at the end of this year," he said. Newspaper headline: PBC cut RRR to spur growth Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Pope urges Chinese Catholics to unite after the bishops deal with ChinaBaidu, Intel to set up 5G, AI lab in China despite escalating trade tensionsUK Peer walks in China to witness changes over 40 years UA pilots under fire for napping during trans-Atlantic flightExpansion work on Garden of Flowing Fragrance to beginChina's climate change efforts highlighted in CA How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐