Mario C. Tani Photo: Yang Hui/GT The first China International Import Expo (CIIE) is the perfect event and bridge in helping nations export more to China, and it will also help address the Philippines' trade deficit with China, said Mario C. Tani, Commercial Vice Consul  of the Philippine Consulate General in Shanghai."China is now the No.1 trading partner of the Philippines. Our exports to China have been increasing at a fast rate. We see exports [so far] this year have increased 18 percent compared with the same period last year, but it's still not enough to close the trade imbalance we have with China," Tani told the Global Times on Monday. Bilateral trade rose 8.2 percent year-on-year in 2017 to $23.74 billion, according to the Ministry of Commerce of China (MOFCOM). The Philippines' exports to China increased 8.4 percent to $6.91 billion, MOFCOM data showed. The trade deficit was about $9.92 billion."This year the CIIE is the biggest tool we have in helping us close the deficit," said Tani. The CIIE benefits enterprises from the Philippines, which is sending 36 exhibitors from food, services and consumer goods industries. Of the total, 28 will promote food including snacks, alcoholic beverages, coconuts, mangoes, nuts, chocolate and coffee at the exhibition center. The 165-square-meter national pavilion is a mix of modern and traditional design that showcases the best of the Philippines in terms of goods, services and the friendship between the Philippines and China, said Tani. The CIIE is "the best avenue" to help small and medium-sized enterprises learn about the Chinese market, said Tani, and the event can help them find possible partners in China. The CIIE will be held from November 5 to 10 in Shanghai, and more than 2,800 enterprises from 130 countries and regions will display and sell their products and services.  Newspaper headline: CIIE provides opportunity to balance China-Philippines trade: official Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Will Vietnam toe US line on South China Sea?China's health insurance program helps 5 million rural families out of povertyUS warning to Latin America disrespectful Big bluefin tuna make comeback after 80-year hiatus off California coastUSA CSA celebrates two decades of healthy growthCommunity Kids Day How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐