Buddist masters discuss how the religion could help safeguard peace and stability in the South China Sea during a press conference on Wednesday in Shenzhen. Photo: Li Ruohan/GT
Buddhist masters from countries and regions around the South China Sea on Wednesday called for greater understanding to prevent military provocations in the region to safeguard the hard-fought stability in the area. Noting that the biggest threat to peace in the South China Sea now comes from military provocations from countries outside the region, the masters stressed that such dangerous moves should by curbed to avoid generating hostility."Sending aircraft and warships will only increase the intensity in the region and trigger unnecessary panic among people living in the region," Venerable Hueiguang, President of International Bodhisattva Sangha in the US, told the Global Times on Wednesday. All sides should communicate more to increase understanding and prevent such provocative actions, Hueiguang said. Hueiguang is among the dozens of masters from 12 countries and regions, including Cambodia, Laos, Mongolia, Burma, Nepal, Sri Lanka, Thailand and the US, that gathered in Shenzhen for a roundtable meeting to be held on Thursday to discuss how Buddhism could help safeguard peace and stability in the region. The South China Sea Buddhism Shenzhen Roundtable, started in 2016 by Master Yin Shun, deputy head of China's Buddhist Association, serves as a platform to create favorable conditions to jointly safeguard the harmony and peace of Buddhist countries in the South China Sea region. Most of the countries surrounding the South China Sea are Buddhist countries and the religion, which advocates peace and mutual respect, should play a bigger role in binding people to jointly safeguard peace and stability in the region, the masters noted at a press conference on Wednesday. During the press conference, the masters also dismissed accusations that China is "militarizing" the South China Sea. The latest accusations include the remarks made by US Vice President Mike Pence on October 4, when Pence accused China of deploying anti-ship and anti-air missiles on artificial islands. Pence's remarks were slammed as fabricated rumors and totally groundless by China's Foreign Ministry. "The accusations against China come from ultra motives and we should always be vigilant so that the motives won't succeed," Yin Shun stressed at the press conference. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China-Belgium cooperation to bring geothermal boostChina won't seek to control global rare-earth market by cutting outputCambridge scholar lauds reform and opening-up while underscoring West's ignorance of nation Weddings no longer about heart – it costs an arm and a legCalifornia's shadow looms over Nevada's midtermGiant balloon How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐