Following the stock market rout in the US on Wednesday, stocks listed on the Chinese mainland plunged Thursday, with the benchmark Shanghai Composite Index breaking below 2,600 points in afternoon trading to close at 2,583.46 points. It's time for China to take firmer measures to stabilize the market and restore investor confidence.In the US, strong economic growth has distracted too many stock market investors from the real dangers of a trade war, but the facts have proven the market was too optimistic. Under pressure from multiple factors, US shares plunged on Wednesday, depressing investor confidence around the world.On Thursday, about 1,000 mainland stocks fell by the daily limit of 10 percent. China must urgently and appropriately handle the negative impact of the US market crash on the Chinese economy.Quickly mobilizing all resources can shore up confidence in the markets. First, the authorities can encourage some A-share listed companies to repurchase their shares that are currently trading below net asset value.Second, the government can speed up the approval process to allow public pension funds to be invested in the stock markets. In 2008, when China managed to minimize the negative impact of the global financial crisis, it cut the stamp duty for stock transactions, which directly resulted in a surge in Chinese shares. Now, China's economy is under even tougher pressure due to external challenges and threats, and Beijing may need to draw up correspondingly strong policies to restore investor confidence and stabilize the economy.The trade dispute may have been the straw that breaks the camel's back for the US stock market. China must prepare for a deteriorating situation in the US markets and increase its ability to resist external risks. It won't be easy in the era of global interdependence, and it may call for unconventional methods.Amid escalating trade friction, China must strengthen its firewall against contagion from economic uncertainty arising in the US. The best choice is to inject stronger internal impetus into developing the economy and carrying out structural reforms in the market. Also, it's worth considering a more proactive policy in capital account management to attract foreign investors to invest in Chinese shares.The author is a reporter with the Global Times. bizopinion@globaltimes.com.cn Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass China slams US leaders' claimsBloomberg fake report coordinated with US trade warChina, US will inevitably come to 3rd alternative LAFAA attendees share thoughts on Chinese investments Chinese PE teachers visit US to bolster sports educationRose Princesses How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐