China's Ministry of Public Security (MPS) on Monday stressed the investigation of a senior security officer was a "wise and absolutely correct" decision.Zhao Kezhi, minister of the MPS, on Monday announced at a Party committee meeting that Meng Hongwei, vice minister of the MPS, is being investigated for alleged bribery and other violations."The Party committee of the MPS agrees that investigation of Meng is the result of his own bigoted course. The committee firmly supports the supervisory investigation of Meng," read a statement released on the ministry's website on Monday.  The investigation "is timely, wise and absolutely correct," and it shows that the Communist Party of China (CPC) Central Committee holds a clear attitude and firm determination to strictly govern the Party and fight corruption, said the statement. There is no privilege and exception in front of laws and anyone who breaks the law would be held accountable and punished, it said.  Meng is being investigated by China's National Supervisory Commission for suspected violations of laws, according to a statement the commission released just before midnight on Sunday, also the last day of the seven-day National Day holidays.  The investigation also drew wide international attention as Meng is also the former president of the International Criminal Police Organization (Interpol). The Interpol on Sunday received Meng's resignation as its president with immediate effect.Meng was born in 1953 in Northeast China's Heilongjiang Province. He joined the CPC in 1975 and has been vice minister of the MPS since 2004.He was removed as deputy head of the State Oceanic Administration and head of the China Coast Guard in December 2017, according to the State Council's website. From April this year, Meng was no longer a member of the Party committee of the MPS. Since the establishment of the National Supervisory Commission in March, 16 officials have been removed from their posts, mainly for "severe violations of laws and Party discipline," Nandu Daily reported on Monday.Compared to other probed officials, who were investigated for violating both "laws and Party discipline," Meng was only investigated for "suspected violations of laws" and is being investigated by the National Supervisory Commission.Meng's suspected illegal behavior might not be related just to corruption but could also "jeopardize national security," Su Wei, a professor at the Party School of the Central Committee of the CPC Chongqing Municipal Committee, told the Global Times on Monday.The MPS meeting presided by Zhao on Monday also said Party members should learn a lesson from Meng's case. The MPS firmly upholds anti-corruption efforts and vows to eliminate the harmful influence of Zhou Yongkang, China's former security chief, at the meeting.Meng was one of the subordinates of Zhou, according to wepolitics, a WeChat account affiliated with Beijing Youth Daily. In June 2003, Meng accompanied Zhou, who was the then minister of MPS, to East China's Zhejiang Province as Zhou's assistant. Meng was promoted to be the vice minister of MPS and became one of Zhou's aides in April 2004, the report said. A special team will investigate those suspected of accepting bribes together with Meng, the MPS statement said. Zhu Lijia, a professor of public management at the Chinese Academy of Governance in Beijing, told the Global Times on Monday that the ministry is expected to launch a thorough internal examination of corruption, and more officials are likely to be investigated. Meng is the second MPS vice minister to be investigated after the 18th National Congress of the CPC, according to news site people.cn. Former vice minister Li Dongsheng was sentenced to 15 years in jail for bribery in January 2016, the report said. Backgrounder: the AIIB explainedImpact of anti-corruption campaignBig changes in China's top military brass Pentagon paper reveals strategy beyond US midterm electionsDealing with US requires unique wisdomFlag-raising ceremony held at Tian'anmen Square to celebrate National Day UA pilots under fire for napping during trans-Atlantic flightExpansion work on Garden of Flowing Fragrance to beginChina's climate change efforts highlighted in CA How To Say Love To A Chinese Girl

A Bite of China, A Bite of Chinese

第五十四课 女性道德教育

第四十九课 裸体写真

广州女大学生设计丁字裤避孕套获风投青睐